Subreddit	Title
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest thing to happen to you?"
"askreddit"	"What did your pet do that made them stand out before choosing them?"
"askreddit"	"What word or phrase do you say when you are annoyed?"
"askreddit"	"at what point in a relationship do you start farting, peeing and pooping in front of each other?"
"askreddit"	"If you could create an STD what would it do?"
"askreddit"	"What are two things you wish you had known about cruise ships?"
"askreddit"	"In an alternate reality where fish are the leading species, but their history is very similar to ours, what could we expect to change?"
"askreddit"	"How did you prove them wrong?"
"askreddit"	"When did you 'not give up' in a give up situation?"
"askreddit"	"What is are you passionate about?"
"askreddit"	"What's the one thing that never fails to make your morning?"
"askreddit"	"what tv/movie villain inspired true hatred in your heart?"
"askreddit"	"What are some things to do with leftover goop?"
"askreddit"	"How much do you rate your standard of living and emotional affliction from 1-20 by 20 is the best life ever?"
"askreddit"	"What's the one character in any tv show/movie/video game that you hate the most and wish would be written off/killed off in some way?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you laughed, and why?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit what's a quote that genuinely inspires you?"
"askreddit"	"Why are you blaque?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite subreddit?"
"askreddit"	"What was/is the most idiotic thing your school did?"
"askreddit"	"What gross hypocrisy do people keep getting away with?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you cared, and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are some fun subreddits?"
"askreddit"	"What's your thoughts on men's right movement?"
"askreddit"	"Women of reddit, why is a man, who is clean shaven in his nether regions more desirable?"
"funny"	"No, you're awsome!"
"funny"	"How this design matches up."
"funny"	"Seen in Watford City, North Dakota"
"funny"	"One of the many street easels in Portsmouth, NH"
"funny"	"TheLegend27"
"funny"	"What a combination."
"funny"	"Señor El Arroyo Sign; right in the feels."
"funny"	"Its nice to see that john oliver is keeping an anon anonymous"
"funny"	"Watch \"Volkswagen: Un-pimp Your Ride I\" on YouTube"
"funny"	"This one follows me to the bathroom and just sits there judging me"
"funny"	"Biker, ride dat car."
"funny"	"Wait for it... [xpost perhaps]"
"funny"	"OC is no good out here. I need something more real."
"funny"	"Lol"
"funny"	"Just a guy towing a car with a bicycle"
"funny"	"the new type of fight WWE Backlash funny moments"
"funny"	"Something something racist."
"funny"	"With that name he is unstoppable!"
"funny"	"The Marriage Question"
"funny"	"What you see vs what she see[NSFW]"
"funny"	"Im gonna name my boat 🚣"
"funny"	"Cat Attacks HO Scale Trains"
"funny"	"Definatelly Well Tempered"
"funny"	"My friend had a better fact to tell"
"funny"	"It's summer in our country"
"gaming"	"Steam handles almost 70 000 refund requests every day"
"gaming"	"Who plays Starbound? I'm planning to add the Frackin' Universe mod. Is it worth it?"
"gaming"	"Battleground me vs 2 other people."
"gaming"	"How many people enjoy replaying games on higher difficulties?"
"gaming"	"Made my first game trailer, would love to get some constructive feedback"
"gaming"	"Who likes to play this game?"
"gaming"	"This is one of my favourite moments of gaming (Tales From The Borderlands)"
"gaming"	"Missing the gamecube"
"gaming"	"A friend of mine is creating a mystery suspense Visual Novel inspired by Ever17, 999 and Danganronpa"
"gaming"	"Unlikely foes 15360x8640 (WarThunder) [OP]"
"gaming"	"What I'm looking forward to for next year"
"gaming"	"Games $15 or under on Steam?"
"gaming"	"Spitfire 3840x2160 (WarThunder) [OP]"
"gaming"	"[PS4] MLB The Show 17 - insane lighting and shadows progression"
"gaming"	"Weird stuff you would do in select games?"
"gaming"	"How does someone use games that were fraudulently purchased under someone else's account"
"gaming"	"Non-Fiction you say?"
"gaming"	"Geraldo walks into a restaurant"
"gaming"	"Widowmaker by Sakimichan"
"gaming"	"What different genres would you expect to see included in a tournament to find \"the best gamer\"?"
"gaming"	"Guild Wars 2 &amp; Wildstar are Korean MMOs?"
"gaming"	"In Half-Life 2: Ep1, Valve developer explains that the best NPC following speed is faster then the player's normal speed, but slower than the player's sprint speed."
"gaming"	"[Horizon Zero Dawn] Whoever thought of putting the photo mode in this game is an absolute genius."
"gaming"	"Does battlefield 4 still get played online?"
"gaming"	"Wise choice"
"worldnews"	"Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances"
"worldnews"	"Hugo Chávez statue toppled during Venezuela riots – video | World news"
"worldnews"	"British rock band TTNG arrested in Hong Kong over visas"
"worldnews"	"ISIS leader in Afghanistan was killed in raid, US confirms"
"worldnews"	"Morning brief: Obama offers urgent plea to Congress on health care"
"worldnews"	"Man, 23, becomes 10th person to be stabbed to death in London in just 11 days"
"worldnews"	"Iran warns will hit 'militant safe havens' inside Pakistan www.dawn.com"
"worldnews"	"Vladimir Putin visits his former spy boss in Dresden to wish him happy birthday"
"worldnews"	"Obama: Fixing health care requires 'courage'"
"worldnews"	"US reviews Syria safe zones but warns 'devil's in the details' - Reuters"
"worldnews"	"Impeachment proceedings against President Rodrigo Duterte are expected to start on May 15"
"worldnews"	"Barack Obama will make his first foreign trip since leaving the White House when he visits Milano"
"worldnews"	"Iran warns Pakistan on safe guarding terrorist havens"
"worldnews"	"Italexit would be 'shock' for entire Eurozone"
"worldnews"	"General election 2017: Latest polls and odds tracker"
"worldnews"	"Will Hit Inside Pakistan If Terror Attacks Continue: Iran"
"worldnews"	"Toronto gallery cancels exhibit of white artist’s paintings over complaints of cultural appropriation"
"worldnews"	"ISIS leader killed during US military raid"
"worldnews"	"Former Chief of Just Eat to Join U.K. Venture Capital Firm"
"worldnews"	"Nothing to see here, Philippines tells U.N. Human Rights Council"
"worldnews"	"Los Angeles, Paris Await Olympic Inspectors in 2024 Race"
"worldnews"	"Palestinian hunger strike leader Barghouti 'filmed eating'"
"worldnews"	"Palestinian Authority agreed to make the kind of concessions that will enable the diplomatic process to move forward: source"
"worldnews"	"Israeli forces murder Palestinian girl, plant knife next to her corpse"
"worldnews"	"Tobacco company flags appeal over plain packaging - British American Tobacco has suggested an appeal is likely amid reports that the World Trade Organization (WTO) has upheld landmark Australian laws on cigarette plain packaging."
"programming"	"Adventures in JIT compilation: Part 3 - LLVM"
"programming"	"10 Virtues that Make Node.js a Top Choice for Web Application Development"
"programming"	"triangulation with icmp pings with scala and akka"
"programming"	"Curious case of branch performance"
"programming"	"The power of integration in API-first referral marketing"
"programming"	"Do your testers have eidetic memory? - Blog post on reproducing bugs from Manual -&gt; Automated Testing"
"programming"	"The tragedy of 100% code coverage"
"programming"	"How to learn software development"
"programming"	"A Complete Guide To Learn Dagger 2 – Mindorks"
"programming"	"Tech Lead Skills for Developers (45 min video)"
"programming"	"Non-euclidean GPU Raytraced Game, YouTube link inside"
"programming"	"You’re All Doing Entity Framework Wrong"
"programming"	"4 reasons why TDD slows you down"
"programming"	"Open source implications"
"programming"	"Elastic Search Query to Retrieve Records from Elastic Server"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"programming"	"Thinking about adversarial implementations when coding against a standard"
"programming"	"Why is Null obsolete"
"programming"	"A multiplexed stream transport over UDP - by Google"
"programming"	"Optimizing Lever's PNG loading"
"programming"	"Hacking Through Machine Learning at the OpenPOWER Developer Congress"
"programming"	"Sublime Text Basics: All the Best Features in One Video"
"programming"	"An educational project to learn reactive programming with Spring 5"
"programming"	"How to deploy your static blog on Kubernetes"
"programming"	"Hidden abstractions in the Diamond Kata"
"the_donald"	"Subs like r/TrueOffMyChest might be getting astroturfed by ShariaBlue."
"the_donald"	"To any Frenchman or Brit tired of the establishment ruining your culture, NOW is the time to come to America! Your culture can survive here, and you can help fight the globalists who ruined your countries!"
"the_donald"	"PEPE THE FROG CREATOR CONCEDES DEFEAT AFTER TRYING TO BRING BACK OUR PEPE TO THE NORMIES! PRAISE KEK!"
"the_donald"	"Looks like liberals think today is finally the day Trump gets impeached due to Sally Yates testifying. They're setting themselves up for more disappointment."
"the_donald"	"Pepe murdered by its creator. NOT EVER! He will live in THe_Donald."
"the_donald"	"Pictured: Trump holding a meeting with a racist, authoritarian dictator with no regard for God-given rights"
"the_donald"	"We are AMERICANS ❤🇺🇸! And the future belongs to us!!"
"the_donald"	"Thank you for your service fellow Ohioan Sgt. Cameron Thomas. You're a hero who died protecting our beloved country for both centipedes and Hillary supporters alike."
"the_donald"	"Reading European news, came across this. It's like history is being changed by the fake news media."
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump: General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that."
"the_donald"	"Congratulations, Mr Macron"
"the_donald"	"Vive la résistance!"
"the_donald"	"In Miami, at an “abandoned cocaine mansion” which happens to be Milo Yiannopoulos’ new home, many of the most notorious deplorables gathered to celebrate “Cinco de Milo.”"
"the_donald"	"France prepares for sharia law"
"the_donald"	"Stephen Fry is facing a blasphemy probe in Ireland"
"the_donald"	"“There is no such thing as a global anthem, a global currency, or a global flag,” said Trump. “This is the United States of America that I am representing.”"
"the_donald"	"France is no longer France."
"the_donald"	"France might be lost, but America still has the protection of our God-Emperor."
"the_donald"	"😍🇪🇺🚨HOLY KEK DIVERSIFIED AS FUCK!🚨🇫🇷😍 THANK GOD IM NOT A BIGOT👌"
"the_donald"	"The shills are honestly so pathetic(and obvious), you reckon they will eventually get red pilled if they expose themselves to reality for long enough?"
"the_donald"	"QUICK POST POST PICTURES THAT OFFEND MUSLIMS"
"the_donald"	"As seen in France."
"the_donald"	"Tom Price: Medicaid Recipients Will ‘Absolutely Not’ Lose Coverage"
"the_donald"	"Obama: \"political courage needed to save Obamacare\""
"the_donald"	"Pedes, anytime you comment outside of t-d, do this."
"pics"	"It was my dogs birthday. So cuuuuute"
"pics"	"\"Let Cooler Heads Prevail\" :)"
"pics"	"Good guy Google has custom art for birthdays (today is mine!)"
"pics"	"Beyond The Fence"
"pics"	"Last year my dog got FCE but he is much better now!"
"pics"	"View of staircase in my apartment."
"pics"	"I guess the building is gonna burn down.."
"pics"	"The Bees Knees"
"pics"	"venice beach 4.26.17"
"pics"	"I made this hat years ago at a Derby Party. My dad spruced it up with fresh roses and rocked it at the Derby this year. He said it made this his favorite Derby yet."
"pics"	"He made his bed and of course he had to lay in it"
"pics"	"the best shaver huh."
"pics"	"Someone had a great fishing trip"
"pics"	"10 days from now, the Sun will rise aligned directly behind the statue on the roof (I first noticed this alignment in 2013)"
"pics"	"This was the view from my hotel room in Hong Kong. Worth every penny."
"pics"	"Stacked firewood need not just sit there"
"pics"	"NSFW I work with a bunch of dicks!"
"pics"	"Surfing bird"
"pics"	"The car I was driving behind this morning had a really familiar license plate"
"pics"	"The view of my hotel room in japan."
"pics"	"From underground tunnels to pre booked cabs."
"pics"	"Gazorpazorp! No PS."
"pics"	"My friend just bought a house that came with a fully functional bar built in the basement"
"pics"	"Graffiti in Dover, England"
"pics"	"Glymur waterfall - Iceland"
"the_donald"	"When you try to kill PEPE."
"askreddit"	"What happened to you today and how do you feel and what did you do to solve problems?"
"programming"	"Hitchhiking the HoloToolkit-Unity, Leg 14–More with Spatial Understanding"
"the_donald"	"When are we going to take back POTUS TWITTER???"
"the_donald"	"Breitbart: \"Congressional Expert: North Korea Prepping EMP Catastrophe Aimed At U.S. Homefront\" | Kim: ♫♪ \"Roooonery...\" ♪♫"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, when you are in the car alone. What is your \"go to\" song that you always listen to?"
"gaming"	"Why Paid DLC maps for Multiplayer games are a problem"
"gaming"	"Mr.Flankhart at your service!"
"programming"	"Office distractions could be costing your company more than $30k per high-performance employee each year"
"the_donald"	"More Worthless Trophies and Awards!"
"the_donald"	"If you kill your enemies they win"
"askreddit"	"What kept France from being swayed by outside influences in their elections when it has been so effective in others?"
"programming"	"Migrating to Spark 2.0 - Part 3 : DataFrame to Dataset"
"askreddit"	"What is one idea that you've had that you believe no one else has had before?"
"the_donald"	"CHINA IS THE COOLEST"
"askreddit"	"What is the difference between genetic variation and natural selection in biology?"
"askreddit"	"What's a non-essential thing that you still absolutely need?"
"gaming"	"Good war game"
"the_donald"	"Obama tripled 'unmaskings' in 2016 election year 'Too many Americans' information is being culled through without a warrant'"
"the_donald"	"A message to all Centipedes here at The Donald from based Jesus himself!"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite thing about your job?"
"askreddit"	"Change profile picture/avatar or whatever you call it?"
"the_donald"	"The Left is using 'psychology&amp;manipulation' to win elections - Real reason why Macron won was because they always spoke of him as \"centrist Macron\" and Le Pen as \"Far-Right\" - The same thing with \"Alt-Right\" but it was too late and Americans are not like Europeans."
"pics"	"My fiancé surprised me with this painting of my dog today. Needless to say I was amazed!"
"funny"	"Dab Vader"
"the_donald"	"She probably got his order wrong"
"the_donald"	"BBC article counts 138% of votes in French election, VeryFakeNews."
"askreddit"	"What's the quickest you have seen someone ruin something new and how?"
"worldnews"	"Trump born in Pakistan, sources claim"
"askreddit"	"Sex Ed Teachers of Reddit, what is the most memorable moment from having \"the talk\" with your students?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's the most bizarre dream you've ever had?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most misleading photo ever taken?"
"askreddit"	"What computer viruses have you gotten and how?"
"askreddit"	"People that were mean to Rebecca Black in 2011, why? Do you regret being mean to her now?"
"askreddit"	"What are some really clever/funny punishments your parents used on you, or that you used on your kids?"
"gaming"	"Any \"modern\" game with a lot of customization?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you thought to yourself, \"Today was a good day\"?"
"askreddit"	"What is a unwritten rule of society?"
"the_donald"	"What's that? Oh, it's just Trump MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"
"the_donald"	"Pre-existing conditions, page 7. Why is the media still lying?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you were Donald Trump?"
"worldnews"	"Afghan air force pounds area after death of ISIS commander"
"the_donald"	"T_D irl"
"askreddit"	"Is there a connection between down syndrome and obesity and if so what is it?"
"pics"	"Laying the paint on extra THICC, Aku on canvas"
"askreddit"	"How would you spent 10 million pounds?"
"the_donald"	"Facebook in a nutshell"
"the_donald"	"WHEN ARE WE GOING TO TAKE THE FIGHT TO TWITTER AND WIN BACK POTUS TWITTER FEED!?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors with divorced parents, how did you handle the first day with your parents apart?"
"askreddit"	"People with \"clean fill wanted\" signs, has anyone ever actually showed up to give you clean fill?"
"funny"	"Thanks google, but I'm not sure my wife would like this gift..."
"askreddit"	"Taxi drivers of reddit, what are some of your most crazy stories?"
"worldnews"	"Germany to Build Centers in Morocco to Deport Underage Refugees - Report"
"the_donald"	"As the last bastion of hope for France falls, so does the US unemployment rate. Hail Emperor Trump."
"the_donald"	"Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council."
"the_donald"	"Lol"
"pics"	"Hello"
"askreddit"	"what one thing about American culture would you like to have explained to you?"
"the_donald"	"Machete-wielding Muslims strike and threaten Bolivian family, claim to own their land"
"askreddit"	"Somewhat adult people, what was it like moving out of your parent's place for the first time (not counting college, etc)?"
"askreddit"	"What did you think only happened in movies until it happened to you?"
"funny"	"When your hooman doesn't give you the last bite of his burger..."
"funny"	"He shot me down..."
"the_donald"	"PRESIDENT TRUMP: Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council."
"funny"	"NOT-911"
"the_donald"	"Calling all NorCal peeds! The Citizens for Fair Representation (State of Jefferson group) is filing the lawsuit against the state of California today. If you can get to the State Capitol today between 11AM–2PM to show support. Sorry for short notice, there will be a larger gathering on May 31st."
"the_donald"	"LOL. Hey le drumpf supporters, how does it feel to be so wrong. You hoped France wouldn't shoot themselves in the foot, but we did, and now we're here to rub in our misfortune."
"the_donald"	"Trump Gifted With Page From Original King James Bible: Trump was \"visibly moved\""
"the_donald"	"The new democratic party logo"
"askreddit"	"What's a good reason to get out of bed?"
"the_donald"	"Spread the word. The next debate will commence in about a month."
"pics"	"Life is like that. Trying to find an exit."
"askreddit"	"Bald people on Reddit, how do you feel about being bald? Are there any pros and cons to being bald?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who love animals and eat meat, have you ever considered becoming vegetarian? Why / why not?"
"askreddit"	"For those of you who are contortionists, what are some crazy sexual positions you have done?"
"askreddit"	"Israelis of Reddit, what are you taught about the Holocaust and WW2 in general?"
"askreddit"	"What is the saddest breakup song you've ever heard?"
"askreddit"	"If you had access to Bill Gates' fortune for one hour, what would you do?"
"funny"	"Godzilla trully has the best roar of any movie monster."
"the_donald"	"Ahahahahaha - Pepe the Frog 'is killed off to avoid being a hate symbol' - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"I Really Appreciate That They Deflect Away From The Clear Problem Here...THE SOMALIS REFUSE TO VACCINATE! IDC Your Opinions On Vaccinations But This Isn't Our Fault On The Right!"
"askreddit"	"What's the one thing that almost everyone in society owns except you?"
"the_donald"	"John Oliver appeals to r/The_Donald to join in the fight for Net Neutrality."
"askreddit"	"Who is your most favorite vlogger?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you fear, and why?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, why is do and what the fook?"
"the_donald"	"She is not giving up. Nor will we."
"worldnews"	"Treat Drug Use as Health Issue, Says President of Irish Pharmacy Union"
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump: Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council."
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] What scary, short story really sent shivers down your spine?"
"gaming"	"I'm back and better than ever!"
"the_donald"	"Meme War: Operation Maquis"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you laughed so hard you cried, and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to troll a troll?"
"askreddit"	"What song cover do you like more than the original?"
"the_donald"	"So while you sit back and wonder why, I got this effin thorn in my side. Oh my God, it's a mirage, I'm telling y'all it's ___________"
"askreddit"	"Which is better Sp Jain or IIM Indore- PGP in finance?"
"askreddit"	"What disney movie do you think is the best and most original and why?"
"pics"	"Thought these clouds looked pretty amazing."
"askreddit"	"How do you spend your free time?"
"the_donald"	"VERY DISHONEST PEOPLE"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about Outlast 2?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst animal attack you've ever encountered?"
"askreddit"	"People who have moved to another country: what is something from your home country that you wish you could get in the country where you live now?"
"askreddit"	"What is the oldest movie you can stand to watch? ...and why?"
"the_donald"	"San Francisco Chronicle Admits: Some Anti-Trump Protesters are Paid"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest or strangest thing that's happened to you during sex?"
"worldnews"	"Irish beach washed away 33 years ago reappears overnight after freak tide"
"askreddit"	"What memory do you look back on that will always bring tears to your eyes?"
"funny"	"Who throws out a perfectly good egg"
"askreddit"	"Who is the coolest celebrity you've ever met?"
"askreddit"	"What was the craziest thing that happened in your school?"
"funny"	"😂😱😱OMG who did this?😱😱😂"
"funny"	"Who's that Pokemon?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] What's the weirdest question to answer with \"penis\"?"
"askreddit"	"more upset over breakup with 4 month GF than my dog of 11 years dying.. is that weird/wrong if so why?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors of the world, who is your culture's greatest musical icon?"
"askreddit"	"What's your best message to send someone on their birthday?"
"gaming"	"one of my favorite trailers for a video game"
"the_donald"	"Hope your enjoy your plummeting tourism, monthly terrorist attacks and loss of culture, Paris. And I hope you like learning Arabic. 90% of you voted for this..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches?"
"the_donald"	"BOOM! Judge Jeanine Destroys Bitter Hillary Clinton: “You’re a Loser” — “Face It, and Get Back In the Woods!” [VIDEO]"
"askreddit"	"What are some good subreddits to follow if you're new on Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"What is the dumbest thing you did as a freshman?"
"askreddit"	"How close are we to a catastrophic (civil armaggedon) failure in global financial markets?"
"askreddit"	"If your name is in the newest dictionary. What is its definition?"
"pics"	"Take a close look at the distribution date guess what we got this today! I'm in high school and i am getting sick in tired of this lack of planning! We only have this week to finish 5 projects. I'll probably won't finish."
"gaming"	"My uncle made an award winning maze last month"
"askreddit"	"If the two worst subreddits had a baby subreddit, what would it be called?"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about Trump's new bowel movement ?"
"askreddit"	"What are your ways to manage stress?"
"askreddit"	"Bank tellers, what's the strangest thing you've seen on the other side of the counter?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do just to mess with people?"
"the_donald"	"May 26th starts the Ramadan Bomb a Thon...what's the over/under on ISIS attacks in France?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what do you do that's creative?"
"gaming"	"The judging stare my cat gives me when I ignore him for video games"
"worldnews"	"Iranian presidential hopefuls spar over economy as Trump turns screws on Iran"
"askreddit"	"If you get to meet your gender counterpart whats the first thing you will ask him/her?"
"gaming"	"How The Elder Scrolls saved this man's life."
"worldnews"	"Space plane X-37B lands at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida"
"askreddit"	"Without telling us where you're from, where are you from?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe wasn't created by his so called creator, KEK willed him into being."
"askreddit"	"What topic is actually far more nuanced than most of reddit pretends?"
"askreddit"	"Girl of r/Gonewild have you ever been recognized in public? If so what happend?"
"worldnews"	"Online cartoon character Pepe the Frog appears to have been killed off by its creator in a bid to stop his image being hijacked by far-right groups."
"askreddit"	"If everyone on earth had your personality starting today, what would the world be like in 20 years?"
"funny"	"Such a beautiful story"
"the_donald"	"MFW my coworker does a presentation and Scott Adam's blog is in the frequently visited links."
"askreddit"	"What celebrity would you like to punch in the face and why?"
"askreddit"	"How might random variation in the size of salmon tails cause natural selection to occur?"
"askreddit"	"If reddit was a business, what would we sell?"
"askreddit"	"Dear Reddit, I want gold! What does someone have to do around here to get gold?"
"askreddit"	"What real photo (not a drawing) is the best optical illusion you've ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"I'm 525+ pounds and make about 300k a year, but I can't afford healthcare. Somebody will have to pay."
"the_donald"	"I want one"
"askreddit"	"What's your NSFW life pro tip?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is, all things considered (salary, employment rate, etc.) the best job you could get nowadays?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of verbal tics do children with Tourette's have before learning 'curse' words?"
"the_donald"	"UK Set to Deploy Attack Dogs to Guard Parliament Against Terrorism - they should be using wild boars!"
"pics"	"Metro vehicle transportation"
"askreddit"	"Mothers of reddit, what *material* gift would you like most for Mother's Day?"
"pics"	"Stay awkward, friends. (1987 and today.)"
"gaming"	"My favorite theme in a video game"
"askreddit"	"What are the best and worst aspects of dating you?"
"the_donald"	"France 2020..."
"the_donald"	"Katie Hopkins: I watched Macron on the long walk to the Louvre stage to the EU anthem. I remembered the film Dead man walking"
"askreddit"	"Rddit, why do you di a masters bate whe j away?"
"worldnews"	"Here's why health insurance rates may go up yet again"
"worldnews"	"Why the global markets are ignoring the global turmoil | Nouriel Roubini"
"the_donald"	"Ms. Rice, how do you plead?"
"askreddit"	"Racist people of reddit, why are you racist?"
"funny"	"Ready for school!"
"pics"	"Wiktionary's word of the day after the French Election"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you've seen in a hotel?"
"the_donald"	"Sen. Kamala Harris Drops F-Bomb at Public Event - Dems can't quit the potty mouth"
"funny"	"Anyone else remember Figure it Out?"
"programming"	"Let’s Build A Simple Interpreter. Part 14: Nested Scopes and a Source-to-Source Compiler."
"the_donald"	"France is doomed. France had the final opportunity to hit another nail in the EU coffin."
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Tweet - \"General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.\""
"askreddit"	"What are you currently doing with your environmental science degree?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what happened on the best day of your life so far?"
"the_donald"	"Imagine voting for a man who thinks so little of his own people."
"askreddit"	"What's the most hateful thing about buses?"
"askreddit"	"Parents of reddit, what's something your kids do in secret that you actually know about?"
"askreddit"	"What is the smoothest pickup line you have ever used/have had used on you?"
"funny"	"Someone plz tell me he didn't worn his suit backwards on purpose!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What is the most you have spent on total in-game purchases in one game?"
"askreddit"	"Which 2 or more characters surprisingly share the same voice actor?"
"funny"	"Floppy=Jesus"
"the_donald"	"Lindsey Graham requested that Sally Yates testify."
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: On behalf of @POTUS &amp; to honor Public Service Recognition Week &amp; Nat'l Mil. Appreciation Month, I look forward to h… https://t.co/xDJt46Q38O"
"the_donald"	"The r/The_Donald starter pack"
"funny"	"Comments evolution these days"
"pics"	"What's the best way to advertise for your business? Park like an asshole that way everyone will notice your truck."
"the_donald"	"President Trump, Loretta Lynch must be indicted for her email the FBI has where she states she'll protect Hillary from investigation."
"askreddit"	"Which movie plot twist shocked you the most?"
"the_donald"	"Hey The Hill, this is war. Be careful- Archived"
"askreddit"	"What is your best coincidence story?"
"gaming"	"Gotta love porn hub"
"gaming"	"This was a hidden gem in my opinion, amazing soundtrack"
"pics"	"Never have I done something better"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst mistake you made in a relationship other than cheating ?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best holiday destination you've been with your S/O and why?"
"askreddit"	"For what are we born too late?"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite psychological tricks that you use to get people do that you want?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most 90s movie ever?"
"askreddit"	"Blind people of reddit, what's your favorite color?"
"funny"	"Yandex Maps Blurs Out Mannequins Face But Not The Citizens"
"askreddit"	"What happened on the day that changed your life forever?"
"askreddit"	"If you are the teacher, what would you do about this and what grade does this kid deserve and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are the questions that triggers you?"
"askreddit"	"What would you erase from history?"
"funny"	"The legend of the century is here. Presenting to you: PEPESI MAN"
"the_donald"	"HAHAHA! Watch as rain and hail PUMMEL the red carpet at the #MTVAwards in sunny L.A."
"pics"	"My mom makes quilts. She made this for me when I graduated a few years back."
"the_donald"	"How convenient. Sally Yates all too happy to testify about 'Russian interference' and no doubt her personal feelings, but Susan Rice flat refuses to appear."
"askreddit"	"Ask a question and edit it after I answer. What's the worst you can come up with?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] if it where the true, that, you had, a back-headed bananic double-beard. Would it inflate you?"
"gaming"	"Will \"The Surge\" be any good?"
"askreddit"	"What has changed in you over the years to make you different to how you once were?"
"askreddit"	"What is a household item that I everyone should own?"
"askreddit"	"What upbeat sounding songs have depressing lyrics, or vice versa?"
"the_donald"	"This is France today. Not ready for the red pill."
"askreddit"	"best music or playlists to listen to when chilling out?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you genuinely laughed?"
"askreddit"	"Do you have any examples of brands creating new (or changing) lasting habits in your personal life through what they offer ?"
"askreddit"	"What song makes you tear up (happy or sad)?"
"askreddit"	"You can have a superpower, but when you use it, you also get uncontrollable diarrhea. What power do you choose?"
"the_donald"	"Facebook publishes newspaper ads warning UK voters about \"FAKE NEWS\"! (Cuckerberg is still desperate to earn the forgiveness of his Establishment masters who are STILL mad him for not doing ENOUGH to prevent the *US* electorate from thinking for itself! Better blame Russia if any pro-Brexiters win!)"
"the_donald"	"Iran Threatens To Destroy Saudi Arabia After Saudi Prince Warns Of \"Moving Battle To Iran\""
"askreddit"	"You have a close family member with mental illness. How do you deal with it?"
"worldnews"	"Deep in Macron Country. We must now confront an uncomfortable question. Why did so many French people vote for Emmanuel Macron? Was it a lack of economic anxiety, or a lack of racism?"
"the_donald"	"Wow! Hollywood Gives Buffoon Maxine Waters Standing Ovation at MTV Music Awards (Video)"
"the_donald"	"Senate Committee Invites Sally Yates – Listed in Wikileaks Emails as Hillary Loyalist – to Testify Against President Trump"
"the_donald"	"A former teacher of mine is getting backlash over his thoughts on rape culture, I keep seeing SJWs post opinion pieces on it and I'm sick of it!"
"the_donald"	"President-Elect JEB BUSH!"
"the_donald"	"@WhiteHouse: #ICYMI: @POTUS signed the Executive Order Promoting Free Speech and Religious Liberty http://bit.ly/2pr35uk http://bit.ly/2pcElKn"
"askreddit"	"Referees of any event, what's your funniest or most memorable moment?"
"funny"	"Someone put down their Suzuki Vitara for sale"
"gaming"	"Dark Souls or Bloodborne?"
"askreddit"	"What is your town known for?"
"askreddit"	"Last activity you did is the reason why you are sent to exile. What is it and where would you go?"
"gaming"	"[4 Seconds] I Swear my Buddy Gets the Most Insane PUBG shots"
"programming"	"loginsrv - JWT login microservice with plugable backends such as OAuth2, Github, htpasswd, osiam"
"pics"	"Everest at Disneys Animal Kingdom"
"askreddit"	"What is the dumbest thing a leader have ever done in history?"
"pics"	"Found in Japan."
"askreddit"	"NonSmokers of reddit, what do you dislike most about people that smoke? even if they're social smokers?"
"askreddit"	"You are sent back to 1970, what should you tell people not to do?"
"gaming"	"Spy tricking a taunt-on-kill medic in TF2 (short video)"
"the_donald"	"England right now"
"the_donald"	"Barack Obama Receives John F. Kennedy Profile In Courage Award, Demands Congress Show “Courage” And Not Repeal Obamacare… | Weasel Zippers"
"funny"	"This is my favourite meme ever. The faces make it."
"the_donald"	"Democrats will tell you that they are the party for the working people..."
"the_donald"	"MRW i get to work and hear about abbots new sanctuary city law"
"askreddit"	"If the \"10 Commandments\" were coined today, what do you think is the 1st commandment?"
"the_donald"	"Trumpy"
"funny"	"Dark humor is like food..."
"askreddit"	"What was one event you wish you had your video camera for?"
"funny"	"James Lehey's famous \"Liquor Stories\""
"worldnews"	"Iran's Defence Minister has warned Saudi Arabia after their Prince remarked that Saudi Arabia would invade Iran. The Iranian General said he would advise against \"such stupidity\"."
"askreddit"	"People who work nights or overnight, what's the creepiest thing you've ever encountered?"
"funny"	"You must worship the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. And also God's Lungs, and the Four Big Men, and the Immortal Bug."
"the_donald"	"Just Macron giving his victory speech in front the Louvre. Nothing to see here slaves. Move along."
"pics"	"Poor, poor vulture. There was nothing for him to eat except lettuce and I asked the staff about it and they thought nothing of it."
"askreddit"	"What was the worst outfit you've ever seen worn at a formal event?"
"the_donald"	"TIL the Vice-President of collapsing Venezuela is a Muslim Socialist who is now one of the most powerful men in the country"
"pics"	"Circular Rainbow"
"askreddit"	"What are some quotes from Tom Hanks' movie characters?"
"the_donald"	"I get it, social justice warriors are awesome. They should never miss an opportunity to push their agenda. (An ad on a puzzle game ap)"
"pics"	"Introducing the iPant. (AKA Apple Bottom Jeans) They only come with a single MacBook sized back pocket but additional pocket adapters can be purchased to hold your iPhone, iPad and iPod."
"askreddit"	"What is the best concert you've been to? Who are you planning to see this concert season?"
"askreddit"	"You've just heard your manager talking about you with another employee, in a negative and petty way. What do you do?"
"worldnews"	"Corbyn scrambles to resuscitate his flagging election campaign"
"pics"	"I don't think it's working bud."
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Tweet, Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council."
"funny"	"I live my life a quarter parsec at a time"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who completely changed their life for the better, why and how did you do it?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who drive 5 inches from the driver's in front bumper on a motorway. Why do you do it?"
"askreddit"	"Has ever had a teacher that's hit on you? What happened?"
"askreddit"	"Veterinarians of Reddit, have you ever treated an Animal you have a genuine fear of? How did it go?"
"askreddit"	"All humans from this day on are born with a sixth sense. Which sense?"
"funny"	"Poor, poor vulture. There was nothing for him to eat except lettuce and I asked the staff about it and they thought nothing of it."
"funny"	"Saw this sign in Hong Kong. Good advice"
"pics"	"My heterosexual life-mate I've known for almost 24 years just moved halfway across the country to be a farmer. Here's one of my favorite pics of him"
"askreddit"	"Has social media somewhat lessened meaningful relationships ?"
"funny"	"Sign up now!"
"askreddit"	"In this world of billions of people, what is something you believe only you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest regret you have?"
"pics"	"These fish under blue lights."
"pics"	"Your stomach shouldn’t be a waste basket"
"askreddit"	"Who is/was your favourite teacher and why?"
"funny"	"Office Depot can go to hell"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are some things that everyone should be universally educated on?"
"funny"	"Do you Sis"
"funny"	"Why I don't search Google for help anymore..."
"askreddit"	"What is the most illegal thing someone has tried to sell you?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been subject to racial discrimination? How did you deal with it?"
"funny"	"Teletubbies!"
"pics"	"This taxidermy rattlesnake offered many hours of good-hearted pranks &amp; laughs"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you got truly angry, and why?"
"askreddit"	"Resistors from Russia, what's the craziest thing you've seen in Russia?"
"askreddit"	"What one discovery would you like to see happen today?"
"funny"	"My gf's grandmother sent this awesome pic to her."
"askreddit"	"What movie/book did you completely misinterpret because you missed a, seemingly, insignificant detail or bit of dialogue?"
"funny"	"😅"
"funny"	"Possibly the funniest arrest"
"gaming"	"Looking for some easy-to-run, simple pc games (2d, card games etc)"
"askreddit"	"You suddenly start seeing the world in slow motion. How do you adapt?"
"askreddit"	"A genie allows you one wish but there's a 50/50 chance either your wish comes true or its exact opposite; what do you wish for?"
"askreddit"	"How do you stop a diarrhea-hemorroid combo?"
"askreddit"	"What do you consider an expert's move?"
"funny"	"This Easter bunny I found"
"worldnews"	"Pepe the Frog 'is killed off to avoid being a hate symbol' - BBC News"
"gaming"	"Tell me, Darksiders 3 won't be anything like Castlevania - Lords of the Shadows..."
"pics"	"This is due this week and we got it today. I really hate highschool the lack of planning is ridiculous. I probably won't finish."
"askreddit"	"People with OCD, how do you control your compulsions (things having to do with skin picking and hair pulling would be particularly helpful)?"
"pics"	"Bring a pen and some cars to your kid's next Dr appt!"
"askreddit"	"What is the dumbest thing you have been asked in customer service?"
"askreddit"	"You are standing in a line waiting for your turn. You look behind you and notice that an old classmate that you barley know is standing there, then you make eye contact. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite or most useful life hack?"
"askreddit"	"What strange interaction have you had with another driver ?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most noble acts of kindness you witnessed?"
"pics"	"here's a pair of great tits for you guys NSFW"
"gaming"	"*Article* The No Majesty Guide to Video Game Movies - The Good, the Bad and the Downright Awful"
"the_donald"	"Those Who Do Not Learn History Are Doomed To Repeat It"
"gaming"	"Can Michael De Santa's delinquent son stop the train in GTAV?"
"gaming"	"Need help increasing FPS"
"the_donald"	"BOOOOM : \"RELIGION OF PEACE\", \"HE WAS A ALL GOOD BOY\", \"THEY ARE NAZIS AND DANGEROUS\"... I keep laughing. PC culture needs to go at least this white supremacist white male thrown in a pool agrees... THEY ALSO DO NOT LIKE DOGS... So much in common with Islam."
"the_donald"	"Buyer beware on solar panel scams - NetRight Daily"
"funny"	"15,021 upvotes and i will open the door and jump off the plane when it is next to mediterranean sea close to Morocco where im supposed to land. I have a big coat on and im a crazy motherfucker. No BAMBOOZLE GO GO GO!!!"
"the_donald"	"Condoleezza Rice appears on Fox &amp; Friends. Explains why Rex Tillerson was a great choice, why the country needs to stand behind the president and why Trump's administration is starting to win. Also has a new book ;) THAT is a former Secretary of State with CLASS."
"askreddit"	"What's something only single guys do?"
"funny"	"Folk Dance"
"the_donald"	"House Financial Services votes to rein in Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Dodd-Frank"
"askreddit"	"What can you not unsee after someone pointed it out?"
"funny"	"Life, you know..."
"the_donald"	"Spread this: Fact vs Fiction on new AHCA."
"askreddit"	"You found a genie and you have one wish and it has to be a wish for someone else. What would your wish be?"
"pics"	"I wonder what they talked about"
"worldnews"	"How DOES Macron's wife defy her age?"
"askreddit"	"People who have lived in multiple cities - what have some cities done that's better than others?"
"askreddit"	"What has been your most embarrassing fart in public experience?"
"askreddit"	"Who has been the most important person in your life? Can you tell me about him or her?"
"askreddit"	"What's your story when you gave up on someone cuz \"It's not the right time\"?"
"askreddit"	"You are now a goat. What's your job like?"
"askreddit"	"People from Russia / have been to Russia , what is the craziest things you have seen in Russia?"
"the_donald"	"TFW you literally surrender France to half a decade of daily islamic terrorism"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have an MBA and work in healthcare - How did you end up in your current position?"
"the_donald"	"5 Guns The Government Doesn't Want You To Have..."
"the_donald"	"PSA: Rape and Pedophilia are now legal in Maryland"
"askreddit"	"How has the technology of man mimicked nature or the human body?"
"askreddit"	"You are in the forest. Pack of 5 wolves start hunting you. All you have for defence is your foam baseball bat and expert ninja skills. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the cleverest comment you have left on Reddit which received no upvotes?"
"askreddit"	"People that have had substance abuse problems, when did you realize you needed help?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever left something at a hotel before? If so, what?"
"askreddit"	"People that have ditched their date midway through the night, why? People that have been ditched, why do you think you were?"
"askreddit"	"What Random Act of Kindness have you been on the receiving end of?"
"askreddit"	"Pokémon trainers who lost their save file, how did it happen and who did you lose?"
"the_donald"	"On the most recent Comedy Bang Bang episode the host claims that the only reason the young YouTube generation is redpilled and has the same politics as Milo is that they are \"young and dumb.\" Delusion at it's finest."
"askreddit"	"Net neutrality in danger?"
"askreddit"	"If you could have personally witnessed anything, what would it have been?"
"programming"	"Code Review Spanking Machine"
"askreddit"	"Why do you love me?"
"askreddit"	"Was there ever a time where a simple boycott of a company's product of service got through them and made a change?"
"askreddit"	"What's was your \"I'm going to hell for this\" moment?"
"askreddit"	"What youtube gaming channel deserve more attention and supporters?"
"funny"	"Where gender neutrality began..."
"funny"	"Abandoned Supra in Japanese mountains"
"the_donald"	"Congressional Expert: North Korea Prepping EMP Catastrophe Aimed At U.S. Homefront"
"the_donald"	"Macron's planned changes"
"funny"	"Taking My Job"
"the_donald"	"Feminists and SJWs in a nutshell."
"funny"	"Absolutely no shooting of Giant Schnauzers with pistols permitted"
"askreddit"	"So, Reddit...How did you lose your virginity?"
"gaming"	"Just Got my FREE VR HEADSET !"
"askreddit"	"Do you have a 3, 5 or 10 year plan? If so, what is it and how's it going? If not, why?"
"askreddit"	"If you could have personally witnessed something, what would you have seen?"
"the_donald"	"Protesters clash over fate of Confederate monuments in New Orleans"
"askreddit"	"If you had a Theory named after you, what would it be?"
"funny"	"I'm still not entirely convinced that Angie from Angie's list isn't that lady from In Living Color."
"the_donald"	"Can I be banned too please ?"
"the_donald"	"Drain The Swamp!"
"the_donald"	"Mexican word of the day: nacho"
"askreddit"	"You have been given literally all of the world's money, to do with as you see fit. What do you do?"
"worldnews"	"Macron: The 'knight' who married his teacher and now rules France"
"the_donald"	"At this point, I'm just patting myself on the back. I can't help it. This train has no brakes"
"funny"	"My dog plays fetch with a frisbee that has a hole in the center of it, and when he grabs it he puts his face through it like this:"
"funny"	"Esther tries to make sure that no one ever has to eat alone"
"funny"	"HOTS 2.0 trying to steal League's spotlight"
"the_donald"	"HELLRAISER Milo Yiannopoulos has announced he is to sue his former publisher, start his own publishing business and resume his college tours around the US!"
"funny"	"maymays"
"the_donald"	"So can someone let me know when and where the next set of \"Women's Marches,\" are?"
"askreddit"	"How does one get a girl?"
"the_donald"	"Check it out, guys! I'm ready to go fight me some misogynistic patriarchy since Le Pen lost the election. Seems reasonable, right?"
"the_donald"	"Just a thought before work. The situation in France..."
"askreddit"	"Can you describe an incident where you felt truly evil?"
"funny"	"I found this gem of a responce on the r/gardening . Link of the post in the comments."
"pics"	"Let me sleep!"
"askreddit"	"Women who dress provocatively, why do you do it?"
"askreddit"	"Whats an embarrassingly obvious fact you learned recently?"
"pics"	"This is what Roman Atwood is going to be building in his backyard within the weeks to come! (From Twitter)"
"askreddit"	"What's the most funny/interesting/weird thing that you've seen happening at the airport?"
"askreddit"	"What is a sign that someone has below average intelligence ?"
"pics"	"MFW I realize it's Monday"
"askreddit"	"What is the name of the chemical in the brain that makes people bored, and how can we supressed it?"
"askreddit"	"What's the toughest choice you've had to make so far?"
"funny"	"The assassin's teapot"
"gaming"	"Parking the car onto the roof to secure the Win (x-post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS)"
"the_donald"	"Hey guys, some information to fight some shills."
"the_donald"	"REEEEE GET OUT OF MY POST, MOLOCH!!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What's your \"why me?\""
"askreddit"	"How many UPVOTES can this get?"
"askreddit"	"Why are people so stupid?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most annoying experience you've had at a Movie Theater?"
"askreddit"	"What sound do you love the most?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Other than Fry's dog, the body or any other sad moment from scrubs, what piece of television unexpectedly made you cry?"
"askreddit"	"Why do Europeans hate the British?"
"the_donald"	"Berkey Prof currently teaching Wikepedia course to 180 students who are graded on their ability to create anti Trump propoganda and preserve it on public pages"
"askreddit"	"1 How would the life be different if human's memories were naturally reset every 20 years?"
"askreddit"	"At your lowest point, what gave you the kick-up-the-backside needed to turn it all around?"
"funny"	"Found in Japan."
"funny"	"Caution: Water on Road"
"pics"	"My brother found this mutant pocket gopher tearing up his yard."
"funny"	"Finally practising the Secret Illuminati Handshakes gonna pay off!"
"askreddit"	"What's the most inhumane thing you've ever done?"
"askreddit"	"If you could pick a name for yourself, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"How would the life be different if human's memories were naturally reset every 20 years?"
"funny"	"In honor of Mother's Day, thank KFC for publishing this chick-lit book"
"gaming"	"Game idea: Robot Pirate Island"
"programming"	"MapD, the GPU-powered DB, is now Open Source; Here's how to compile it."
"funny"	"2016 Toyota Highlander Sweathog Edition"
"gaming"	"I was schooled by some of the best."
"worldnews"	"Is The NEET 2017 Worth All This Trouble? Now Anti-Terrorism Squad Arrests 5 For Cheating On It"
"askreddit"	"Whats the best excuse you had to leave a one night stand ?"
"askreddit"	"What videogame section always hits you hard?"
"askreddit"	"What trivial question would you ask a persion from 2047 and what would you answer on this question to a person from 1980?"
"pics"	"Heard Die Antwoord was touring through my hometown, so I made a ZEF bike to show up in style."
"gaming"	"Someone inspired me with their Sonic jacket a while back. Hand embroidered Kirby!"
"programming"	"How we made Basecamp 3’s Android app 100% Kotlin"
"askreddit"	"What places on Earth are you most fascinated by, and why?"
"askreddit"	"Whats an embarrassingly obvious fact you learned recently?"
"funny"	"Bear thinks he's a mountain goat"
"the_donald"	"Yesterday CNN decribed Macron as \"the investment banker and populist\" . Mmmwwwhhhaaa hhhaaa haaa haa . Ahh haaa haa haaa.."
"askreddit"	"What are you solutions to climate change?"
"pics"	"Ballerina boy"
"the_donald"	"Viva La Résistance"
"the_donald"	"The French People Litterally Sold themselves to Globalists"
"the_donald"	"How about you go fuck yourself cuck."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] NeverTrump Republicans, what about Trump turns you off?"
"askreddit"	"You are now a goat. What's your current job like?"
"askreddit"	"What made you get your act together?"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest word?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever cheated on an exam? How did you do it and did you get away with it?"
"funny"	"My favorite flowers are tulips, daffodils, and grouchos."
"pics"	"Sarah Connor, one helluva lady."
"pics"	"Athletes Need Rest Too! The expression \"Seat Geek\" is taken from the poster on the wall."
"the_donald"	"My reaction every time i see or hear about Macron"
"pics"	"Protester in Caracas, Venezuela."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches: What's your story?"
"askreddit"	"Bad awnsers only. What's a thing only real man are allowed to do?"
"askreddit"	"Whats an embarrassingly obvious fact you learned recently?"
"gaming"	"Ocarina of Time done in 15:54.91 (Tool Assisted Speedrun) by the Tas Master"
"pics"	"Annual phenomenon called \"Derby Hats.\" (Link for more pics in comments)"
"the_donald"	"Fear Of Islam Should Not Enable Female Genital Mutilation Inside U.S."
"pics"	"Pandora - The World of Avatar at Disney's Animal Kingdom in Orlando"
"askreddit"	"What do you think the government knows that we don't?"
"askreddit"	"What's your life changing sum of money?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What if a toddler was a genius and was conservative in a leftist house preaching Reaganism?"
"pics"	"I took a solo trip to the Virgin Islands and had this beach completely to myself. Receding wave, Francis Bay, St. John USVI."
"askreddit"	"What superpower would you want if the effect was continuous?"
"askreddit"	"Which two films starring the same actor would be much more interesting by swapping those characters?"
"funny"	"This is how they work..."
"the_donald"	"It's amazing how discussions of Russian interference in the French election have completely stopped. I wonder why?"
"askreddit"	"Teens of Reddit. What is your favourite, quickest meal to cook?"
"funny"	"We've all secretly been cold hearted murderers since our childhood"
"gaming"	"Favourite racing game of all time"
"askreddit"	"How would you describe common bodily feelings and processes to someone who has never felt it?"
"funny"	"Am i the only one who can't stop laughing at the lamb at the end"
"the_donald"	"Hey i found a recipe you guys might like !"
"programming"	"Integrating React into an Existing Web Application"
"the_donald"	"Massive Protest at Place de la République. - Brittany Pettibone‏"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's the most saddest love-story you have heard of?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of prayer would you do in light of troubled times?"
"askreddit"	"Which two films starring the same actor would be a lot more interesting if you swapped the main characters?"
"gaming"	"When you sacrifice everything for your hard work"
"the_donald"	"REMINDER THAT THIS BUCKTOOTH CUCK MEDDLED WITH A FOREIGN ELECTION"
"the_donald"	"Mark Dice: Maxine Waters at MTV Movie Awards 2017 - Hailed as Social Justice Warrior Hero"
"pics"	"In the dog world, size doesn't matter, shadows do. - Kouky 2017"
"askreddit"	"Parents of reddit, what's a child-raising tip that you would never tell your offspring?"
"pics"	"This abomination of a statue in the memory of the Siliwangi Military Command Mascot Tiger."
"the_donald"	"Video of Italian Reporter Attacked by Migrants on Live TV"
"the_donald"	"Real journalist explains how powerful memes have become"
"the_donald"	"Which excuse will it be today?"
"askreddit"	"Cats of Reddit, what is a question you've always wanted to ask dogs, but were afraid of being rude?"
"askreddit"	"There's a special place in hell for people who do what?"
"worldnews"	"Japan, India to strengthen defense cooperation"
"the_donald"	"\"You knew damn well I was a snake before you let me in.\""
"askreddit"	"Who was your favorite teacher and why?"
"askreddit"	"What was an Awkward moment you have faced in your life?"
"the_donald"	"France in 2018"
"askreddit"	"If you could have any two characters from any two shows, fight or befriend one another, who would it be and why?"
"the_donald"	"March 7, 2014 Gen. Flynn Gives Interview to NPR Saying They Had Warned Administration About Russia Invading Crimea. Obama Fired Flynn 2 Months Later."
"askreddit"	"What meme don't you understand?"
"askreddit"	"How can you unlock the potential that exist in our own DNA, is it safe by chemically messing with the dopamine and norepinephrine system?"
"askreddit"	"What was the craziest thing you did as a kid, but didn't get caught for?"
"askreddit"	"What is more painful than a breakup?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the biggest plot holes/ conflicts in comic book history ?"
"askreddit"	"Current (and former) AP students, how did/are you reviewing for the exam? What was the result if you took the AP test?"
"funny"	"Toyota Highlander. Sweathog edition."
"the_donald"	"Third of French voters spoiled ballots or abstained"
"the_donald"	"Today is a sad day for us, but I want to thank all of you for your support. You were an inspiration for many of us. Sincerely a french patriot."
"worldnews"	"Taiwan activists urge China not to politicize U.N. health meeting | World News"
"the_donald"	"What is dead can never die."
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you complained, and why?"
"the_donald"	"'Pepe the Frog is officially dead' -TheVerge"
"funny"	"Product placement at its most controversial!"
"askreddit"	"If another species had to describe typical human behaviour, what would it be?"
"gaming"	"Bethesda saving some RAM"
"the_donald"	"Muslims and leftists aren't antisemitic, they just resist Zionism. The Nazis weren't antisemitic, they just held conspiracy theories about the Jewish finance world. None of them really hate the Jews, they all just, you know, hate the Jews (own it, leftists!)"
"askreddit"	"What is a unique phobia you have, that others might not know they have until they see it?"
"the_donald"	"Emma Watson wins first gender-neutral acting prize at revamped MTV movie awards"
"the_donald"	"HOLY FUCK! DID YOU GUYS SEE THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS!?"
"the_donald"	"Measles Outbreak Reaches Record Levels in Minnesota – Somali Immigrants Hit Hardest (VIDEO)"
"funny"	"Gem-Comment I found on the r/gardening . Link in the comments."
"gaming"	"Oh how I wish this worked IRL."
"the_donald"	"Live Paris Macron Protest"
"askreddit"	"How does being online and anonymous affect your bashfulness and/or sexual modesty ? NSFW"
"funny"	"How was chemistry today?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] After watching the Galaxy Song - Monty Python, I wondered, what is the maximum absolute velocity of a human standing on the surface of the Earth?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump live tweets questions for Sally Yates questioning today!"
"funny"	"He was once an adventurer like me.."
"gaming"	"Impossible things Happened on a Hard Fun Claim Pods Star Wars Battlefron..."
"gaming"	"Naming the New Mobile Game [OC]"
"gaming"	"Never change Bethesda!"
"the_donald"	"Kushner is Part of the Problem fellow Pedes"
"gaming"	"Why is it that Telltale Games has such sub par animations still?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump is 100% AMERICA FIRST. We must not forget to be the same. Learn who your Representatives are. Learn if they stand with Trump. Learn when your primary is to kick them out!"
"askreddit"	"Adopted redditors or redditors who adopted children: What is that first day of being in your new permanent home like?"
"pics"	"The man in the flames"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, how did Reddit Gifts work out for you? What cool stuff did you give/receive?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest dream you've ever had?"
"worldnews"	"Hungary's president urges civility in political discourse"
"askreddit"	"What memory do you have that makes you cringe to this day?"
"askreddit"	"If you could move to anywhere else in the world, where would you live?"
"funny"	"SLOW DOWN"
"askreddit"	"What are your best schemes to get rich quick?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have cyber stalked the person you are dating, what did you discover?"
"askreddit"	"Let's pack up and car and hit the road, where are we going and why did you pick that place?"
"askreddit"	"If another species had to describe typical human behaviour, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"If you could send yourself a warning to 5 year younger self, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"How long does weight gain last after starting to drink 64oz of water daily?"
"askreddit"	"What is your dirty little secret?"
"pics"	"Street Performers - Guangzhou, China"
"askreddit"	"why all Asian girls have brown nipples?"
"the_donald"	"Just showing those outside of T_D that we're not just an echo chamber this morning."
"askreddit"	"What Famous Woman Had A Fantastic and Supportive Husband??"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Why was smiling so rare in early instances of photography?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Individuals who have taken courses from one of the MOOC platforms (Coursera, edX, etc.) what has your experience been like?"
"gaming"	"Is there a \"best pc protection\" software for gaming PC? (Win10)"
"funny"	"During Interview"
"the_donald"	"Blaming Republicans Was ALWAYS The Plan! Obamacare Was DESIGNED TO FAIL So It Could Be Either A) REPLACED by Single Payer (UK System) if Democrats Won in 2016, or B) BLAMED ON GOP If They Lost! ABSURD!"
"funny"	"Playing hangman with my gf this morning and she tried \"jepardise\" my streak"
"gaming"	"Yakuza 0 has some of the best and most realistic dialogue."
"programming"	"Dark side of Xamarin: day-to-day usage experience"
"the_donald"	"Bill Maher Savaged for Tasteless Incest Joke About Ivanka Trump"
"askreddit"	"What is the real reason of Racism?"
"gaming"	"Serious question: GTA V is about 4 years old. It's has been used across different platforms and it can STILL command £35 at least. Can someone tell me how?? I am in awe thinking about this games legacy..."
"the_donald"	"Judge makes it official, Conservative Profs have to apologize for being conservative"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest thing anyone you know did while drunk?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time and ask/tell a significant figure anything, who and what?"
"funny"	"Astronaut Jim McDivitt's 1965 NASA portrait hits you right in the feels."
"askreddit"	"Using only words that start with the first letter of your last name, what would you buy if you had 1,000,000 $/£?"
"funny"	"It’s normal in Japan when headbanging to move only the head but keep the body still"
"gaming"	"Squad // Funny Moments with the SHIT Gang"
"the_donald"	"Look what I made using Wikileaks! (BUSTED?!?)"
"askreddit"	"High schoolers of Reddit, what would you like to see in an after school club aimed at political education and civic engagement?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most mindblowing physics fact?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors from outside the US, did you play Oregon Trail in school and what did you think about it?"
"askreddit"	"What tasty food would be disgusting if eaten with potatoes ?"
"askreddit"	"Flight Attendants of Reddit, who was the worst passenger on your plane?"
"funny"	"Saw this ad while on a trip in the phillipines"
"the_donald"	"STOP 👏🏼 GIVING 👏🏼 HOLLYWOOD 👏🏼 YOUR 👏🏼 MONEY 👏🏼"
"the_donald"	"Sargon - The Death of Pepe"
"gaming"	"The Nintendo PlayStation Prototype Now Works"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Reddit, how many of you changed careers late in life? Why and how did you do it?"
"the_donald"	"For all hipsters, SJWs, libtards and others who voted Macron yesterday"
"askreddit"	"Which Reddit sub(s) are you an avid member of?"
"gaming"	"My weekend project - A Portable Gamer Tabletop"
"pics"	"When the weather is hot af"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Have you ever killed someone; And if so, what were the circumstances, and what happened about it?"
"the_donald"	"Laugh at Will.."
"pics"	"Old diving board, Prague"
"gaming"	"Legend of Zelda OOT recreated in Unreal engine - breathtaking"
"gaming"	"[Dungeon Hunter 5] This glitch in a cutscene made me laugh"
"askreddit"	"Why is the LBGT slogan \"Pride\" when pride is one of the sins in christianity?"
"the_donald"	"WE ARE BEING BOMBARDED WITH DOWNVOTES!! YOU BETTER BE DOING YOUR PART PEDES!!"
"askreddit"	"What was your best comeback line?"
"askreddit"	"What is one of your favorite quirks that your SO has?"
"askreddit"	"What is a common miconception about your culture?"
"worldnews"	"New Hamas chief makes first public appearance in native Gaza"
"the_donald"	"Let's not get distracted from a very significant victory in Texas we had on Sunday! \"Gov. Greg Abbott signs 'sanctuary cities' ban into law on Facebook Live\""
"askreddit"	"What are pros and cons of dopamine and norepinephrine?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, What makes you sad?"
"funny"	"A more accurate instruction"
"the_donald"	"Europe is becoming a nation of totalitarian borders."
"the_donald"	"TRANSGENDER AGENDA FAIL: Scientists Say There Are More Than 6,500 Genes That Express Differently In Men And Women"
"askreddit"	"What's a good way to deal with/get rid of loneliness?"
"pics"	"People Clinging to a suicidal man waiting for help to arrive."
"the_donald"	"The face you make... 🔥🔥👌👌"
"askreddit"	"What is your worst experience with a substitute teacher?"
"the_donald"	"NSFW Hey retarded legacy media, Pepe isn't dead but is all grown up and is coming to rip to lying fake news heart out. Be careful"
"funny"	"Jesus at a bar"
"the_donald"	"Palestinian hunger strike leader Barghouti (literally a child murderer) filmed eating secretly... Wife calls footage \"fake\""
"askreddit"	"How do I gain a good base of subscribers on my YouTube? Youtube channel is:ryan sadtler"
"askreddit"	"What word describes your country the best?"
"askreddit"	"Shy Men of Reddit, How Did You Meet Your SO?"
"askreddit"	"What do you like to daydream about?"
"funny"	"How to survive a zombie apocalypse in Sonic The Hedgehogs Green Hill Zone!"
"gaming"	"It's been almost 7 months now since we had any news on this game. I still think the official artwork are one of the most badass I've ever seen for a game."
"askreddit"	"What are some of your \"I hate my coworker\" stories?"
"worldnews"	"Trial of rights lawyer Xie Yang begins in Changsha"
"the_donald"	"Germany Worried About the 11 Million Votes Le Pen Garnered"
"the_donald"	"Hey retard legacy media, Pepe isn't dead but rather is all grown up. He is coming to rip your lying heart out."
"pics"	"Boop or no boop?"
"askreddit"	"What do people complain about that doesn't even exist in the first place?"
"gaming"	"I've been gaming my whole life so I decided to start a fun Youtube channel. Figured a few of you may like my videos :)"
"the_donald"	"Leftist told me it's okay to demean people who have disgusting opinions about the wall. HOW DID I DO?"
"askreddit"	"AMERICANS (and perhaps Canadians) of Reddit: would you rather servers get a proper, reliable wage, and dispose of this mandatory tipping nonsense ( and tip for outstanding food/service) or are you happy as is?"
"askreddit"	"What are you excitedly expecting in the mail?"
"the_donald"	"Any time you see John Oliver in favor of something, seek the counter argument. There's a post on /all about Net Neutrality."
"funny"	"Haven't tried this one yet"
"askreddit"	"What are some simple pleasures that are only possible due to modern technology?"
"askreddit"	"Other than self-defense, under what circumstances would it be acceptable to punch a stranger in a face?"
"askreddit"	"What are thoughts on asses that like to spread negativity?"
"askreddit"	"What is your go-to prayer?"
"askreddit"	"What are examples of TV series that have managed to maintain a high level of quality from start to finish?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest thing you have seen?"
"askreddit"	"Stupid question: why isn't water flammable?"
"gaming"	"Brings back memories"
"gaming"	"GTX 1060 FPS, Witcher 3"
"the_donald"	"Video of Marine Le Pen saying \"France will be lead by a woman, me or Merkel\" (subtitles)"
"askreddit"	"What is the difference between a PS4 \"Slim Console\" and a PS4 \"Pro Console\"?"
"askreddit"	"What plot twist did you see coming from a mile away?"
"askreddit"	"What TV show has the best character development?"
"funny"	"Me on a Deathbed....\"Delete my Browser History SON\""
"funny"	"An Ex-Con who Fights Crime in a Batman Mask"
"askreddit"	"How would you cast a remake of your favorite movie if all of the roles had to be filled by actors of a different gender and/or race than in the original?"
"the_donald"	"Trump Schools CNN Reporter in 1990 – Then Drops the Mic – Literally"
"the_donald"	"Reminder: DuckDuckGo is better than Google."
"pics"	"An image I took of the moon with my Nikon P900 yesterday night."
"askreddit"	"How many women actually scream, \"You did this to me!\" at their husbands during childbirth?"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicier‏ @sean_spicier - Hopefully Sally Yates' Senate testimony will finally shed some light on how Putin convinced Hillary to ignore Wisconsin."
"pics"	"A lunch special I can get behind"
"askreddit"	"If, as Musonius Rufus says, “Thus whoever destroys human marriage destroys the home, the city-the whole human race,” which government policies have been most and least supportive of the family?"
"askreddit"	"How did Facebook ruin your life?"
"funny"	"Covered"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Learn more about the incredible veterans from the Northern Colorado Honor Flight visiting the @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/RRVkmTdWoM"
"the_donald"	"Cultural enrichment inbound!"
"gaming"	"Rebellious Repost"
"the_donald"	"Pretty much anyone who believes in freedom and espouses the founding principles is potentially a violent right-wing extremist. The government claims these so-called violent “right-wing” extremists such as the Proud Boys are more dangerous to America than Islamist terrorists."
"askreddit"	"What is the best lie/story you have ever sold someone?"
"askreddit"	"As a parent, what's the biggest screw up you've had with your children that makes you surprised they are still alive?"
"gaming"	"When you show up to a huge clan v. clan raid at the PERFECT time... (RUST)"
"the_donald"	"The Creator of Pepe doesn't want us to use Pepe - Here's a Florida Pepe ready to MAGA"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Tweet, General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that."
"askreddit"	"Should children age 10/under be held legally and financially responsible for their crimes? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best damn pair of shoes you've ever had?"
"gaming"	"Rebellious Repost"
"the_donald"	"\"Amusing to see Palestinian, Syrian flags waving for a Rothschild puppet though. The Arabs and the globalist bankers are united in favor of a policy of demographic annihilation of the French people. I guess they'll settle their other differences later.\""
"the_donald"	"If you spend time in New it's easy to see when the cucks clock in at the resistance. Let's give these cucks something to do pedes. Shitposts away!"
"gaming"	"Hey r/gaming, I've read your critisism and tried to fix it all in one last picture."
"the_donald"	"We Are Change Live: Paris Macron Protest"
"the_donald"	"'Pedes, it is with a heavy heart that I tell you that the creator of Pepe the Frog has killed off Pepe from his comics today. This is no matter, because he will always live on in our hearts. May he Rest In Peace, and shadilay on."
"askreddit"	"What's the difference between what you do at work and what your friends and family think you do at work?"
"pics"	"Generic sunset taken off the island of Ihuru, Maldives"
"worldnews"	"Ex-Obama administration officials James Clapper and Sally Yates to testify in Trump-Russia probe"
"the_donald"	"After 6 Deadly Islamic Attacks and 130 Deaths in 3 Years – Paris Votes 90% for Macron"
"askreddit"	"What's the first video game you have played in your life?"
"the_donald"	"So the globalist plan is to put up good looking young men to run for office...."
"pics"	"Contemplating the intricacies of life"
"funny"	"Head phones"
"askreddit"	"What is some weird thing that you do only when your home alone?"
"askreddit"	"What's a LPT in your profession or industry?"
"the_donald"	"Redo your maps to include Parisistan"
"funny"	"When your house is still flooded, but you just gotta have that package"
"gaming"	"This is a really shitty business practice. Damn you CDPR!"
"pics"	"Another use for UNOs"
"askreddit"	"What is something you are currently doing that will payoff in many years?"
"askreddit"	"Tradesmen of reddit that have gone overseas to work, what are your experiences?"
"the_donald"	"So when's the Sixth Republic?"
"askreddit"	"Why would a beautiful girl still be single when her ugly ex bf has an ugly new gf?"
"askreddit"	"If you were Carmen San Diego, where in the world would you hide and why?"
"the_donald"	"Did the creator kill Pepe? Looks like may have committed a hate crime."
"the_donald"	"Memes for France - phase 2"
"funny"	"Blue"
"askreddit"	"What are some fun subreddits ?"
"pics"	"Niece and Nephew on the Inside, Second Cousins on the outside. They do everything together!"
"the_donald"	"Global Quackery: Earth Has Not Warmed for the Past 19 Years, New Study Finds"
"the_donald"	"Distinguished gentlemen, I have a question about campaign contributions..."
"the_donald"	"I haven't researched the bill in depth but I have seen nothing wrong. Why all the hate?"
"the_donald"	"How about some love for this brave, based woman who tried to save France from ignorant, terrorist apologist cucks?"
"askreddit"	"What's your \"sex for exchange of\" story? [NSFW]"
"askreddit"	"Why are girls embarrassed for having flat chests?"
"askreddit"	"What have you forgotten about lately?"
"funny"	"Get on outta here with my eye holes"
"askreddit"	"What is your family's darkest secret?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]People who run their own business, how did you get started?"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest irrational fear?"
"the_donald"	"Bucking Trump, DeKalb sheriff says he won’t hold some inmates for ICE. Then he is picked up in an Atlanta park with his tallywacker out and arrested!! OOPS http://www.ajc.com/news/crime--law/dekalb-sheriff-exposed-himself-fled-police-report-says/6aDevKIhlWgHw7V1DI7sfL/"
"funny"	"Wildlife Crossing"
"askreddit"	"What is the stupidest, most pointless thing you do to try and save money?"
"the_donald"	"I'm not saying it's true..but it's true."
"the_donald"	"Dear Madame Le Pen..."
"askreddit"	"What have you got saved to your clipboard right now?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most boring conversation topic that is brought up by tons of people?"
"askreddit"	"How long does it take you to drive to the \"ghetto\" of your area?"
"askreddit"	"What holiday destinations are a must-visit?"
"askreddit"	"What's the difference in calorie and nutrition absorption when poop is liquid versus solid?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Who was the one that got away?"
"the_donald"	"Waking up in France turning on the NEWS in the morning to check the new Forecast before heading out for the day."
"the_donald"	"Condoleezza Rice said she believes in Globalization but has not answers on how to fix the problems of it."
"worldnews"	"Estonia Sentences Russian Spy to Five Years in Prison: A court in Estonia has sentenced Russian citizen Artem Zinchenko to five years in prison for cooperating with Russian intelligence. The Estonian court determined that he was recruited by Russia’s Main Intelligence Directorate (GRU) in 2009."
"askreddit"	"Musicians of Reddit, what is favorite song to play and why?"
"programming"	"Best tools for mobile games development"
"the_donald"	"Heat map of terrorist attacks in Europe. Poland has a very strict immigration policy. What a shame we can't draw any conclusions without being \"far right\" - good job France at electing Macron who \"admires\" Merkel's migrant policy and wants to expand on it even further. So depressing."
"funny"	"Kendall Jenner's Pepsi ad syncs up PERFECTLY with 'African Child' - YouTube"
"gaming"	"If I have to choose between realism and having a naval missile system in space, I'm going to choose the naval missile system every time."
"askreddit"	"What is the most powerful piece of instrumental music ever used in a movie?"
"the_donald"	"Imagine being so corrupt that a single common sense law makes you furious.."
"the_donald"	"It is exciting to be part of the real resistance - Everyday here is sort of like this"
"askreddit"	"What's the most pointless function that ever came as standard with an operating system?"
"askreddit"	"Non-native English speakers, what English word or name sounds funny in your native tongue?"
"gaming"	"Android easter egg is harder than flappy bird"
"askreddit"	"What is the thing that you wish someone would offer to help you with?"
"funny"	"Test"
"the_donald"	"WTF I hate old people now"
"the_donald"	"Pepe will Never Die! Meme Magic is Real!"
"askreddit"	"If you had to substitute candy for all meals for the rest of your life, what candy would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"What's going on when you feel uncomfortable in bed and can't seem to find a comfortable position?"
"the_donald"	"Watch \"Roll The Tape\" on YouTube"
"pics"	"This guy spends more time in the sand than David Hasselhoff!"
"gaming"	"When the perfect heist getaway doesn't work out due to there not being 4 seats on a Boeing 747"
"the_donald"	"When Comey said they could not bring a case on the Wieners why did he decide that? I thought his decision was on whether they were going to have a side of beef, not everyone else. Was it lynch or him who decided not to prosecute the Wieners."
"askreddit"	"Early Risers of Reddit HELP!"
"askreddit"	"What can keep you entertained whilst waiting in an empty room?"
"askreddit"	"If you would be able to change the weather at one specific event in history, what would be the worst/best outcome you could archieve?"
"askreddit"	"What TV commercials have made you cry?"
"askreddit"	"What product did you buy that made you raise a brow at the price?"
"the_donald"	"Czech Girl Scouts tells Nationalists her \"wounds will heal\" if a migrant rapes her. CUCKing SAD."
"pics"	"Dad gave me his old camera, now I have a little collection."
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit a, is there a situation where you said something jokingly just to it be happen to be truth?"
"askreddit"	"What were the moments in Life you felt truly happy &amp; peaceful ?"
"worldnews"	"Nothing to see here, Philippines tells U.N. Human Rights Council"
"askreddit"	"For those that live in the Southern Hemisphere, which way does the water flow when you flush the toilet?"
"askreddit"	"What is something everyone should do/try before 25?"
"askreddit"	"How can you make reading text on a computer screen easier?"
"the_donald"	"They tried to take away my Pepe, so I became the Pepe."
"askreddit"	"What's the worst dating advice you've ever received?"
"askreddit"	"What can be done to exterminate honkey crackers to make the world a more better place?"
"askreddit"	"Why are male peacocks so beautiful?"
"askreddit"	"Realistically speaking on your mental state/ personality not financial state, What is your prediction on how 30 million dollars will impact you? [Serious]"
"worldnews"	"Death of Sodimejo, an Indonesian man claimed to be 146 years old (born 31st December 1870)."
"the_donald"	"Ryan lives with Dems... Profile of Janesville, land of Hillary voters"
"the_donald"	"It's official: the Libertarian subreddit is cucked"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, which insect do you hate/fear the most, and why?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the best disney villain and why?"
"the_donald"	"Dear Liberals - I'm not alt-right, far right, or a nationalist. I simply believe that immigration should have a process and that process should have vetting and stipulations."
"askreddit"	"What's driving like where you live?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, if you have taken Zoloft did it work for you? What were some things you did or didn't like about it?"
"askreddit"	"What was the strangest food combo that you've ever made?"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest weakness that you would not admit in a job interview?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is your opinion on patriotism in 2017?"
"askreddit"	"What was your best \"holy shit we've almost got caught but didn't\" moment?"
"askreddit"	"Tradesmen of Reddit that have gone overseas, what are your experiences?"
"the_donald"	"Bill Clinton is a rapi..."
"the_donald"	"Ok it sucks Le Pen lost but don't forget this is T_D. We have a lot of shit to press forward on. Rice, Yates, Weiner, Abedin, Clinton, Unmasking, Obamacare, Tax Plan, leaks, Atwan brothers, the Wall, and ETC!!!! The MSM is hoping our focus on France will make us forget the aforementioned. DON'T!!!!!"
"pics"	"Viktoriapark, Berlin"
"askreddit"	"Maids of honor and best men of Reddit, what information do you know that could ruin the wedding?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates and James Clapper testifying today. What should we expect?"
"the_donald"	"Today's news about the French presidential election seems vaguely familiar..."
"the_donald"	"Not a republican. I am a..."
"pics"	"In Iceland there's only cool \"American\" flavor."
"the_donald"	"Will they ever figure this out?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you did something the lazy way and it blew up in your face?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who where circumsciset at an adult age, what's your history? Would you go back?"
"askreddit"	"If you could change one thing in history, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the best birthday you've had?"
"worldnews"	"Netanyahu attacks US media as 'fake news'"
"askreddit"	"If you had to make a slogan for fast food restaurant what would it be?"
"worldnews"	"Monsanto accused of hiring army of trolls to silence online dissent – court papers"
"the_donald"	"Pepe the frogs creator thinks he can kill Pepe"
"pics"	"Kiddo and I did a thing"
"askreddit"	"What hot costume can people pull off even if they're not drop dead gorgeous?"
"askreddit"	"What are your goals and what are you doing to achieve them?"
"gaming"	"ARK or Horizon Zero Dawn"
"the_donald"	"It is safe to say that Millennials are the Lost Generation"
"the_donald"	"The Death of Pepe. LOL"
"the_donald"	"I believe that over the next couple of days, the fiction that Macron won will begin to unravel. The election ain't over yet."
"askreddit"	"What do you wish you liked more than you do?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]How much reality is there in GTA's portrayal of American society?"
"the_donald"	"Based wallpapers?"
"the_donald"	"Another Arctic ice panic over as world temperatures plummet"
"the_donald"	"Congratulations France!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is not dead! The artist who drew him tried to get an abortion at Planned Parenthood -- They immediately went into lockdown and explained \"w-w-we don't mess with the green cartoon frog\""
"pics"	"Complementary Colors Streetart by Dado Motta, Sao Paulo Brazil."
"askreddit"	"When was a time you had to bend your chin to protect your while while continuing to stare into his eyes and bring up your hand and said \"I don't want no trouble ya hear\" while in a low voice saying wolowolowolo that slowly increased in volume?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you say to convince someone your a adult?"
"the_donald"	"MACRON \"OFFICIALLY\" ELECTED WITH 66.06%"
"worldnews"	"Belarus vs Canada Ice Hockey World Championship IIHF 2017 Live on 20:15 GMT+2 ; 08-05-2017"
"askreddit"	"What was your favorite childhood TV show?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best business idea that would never work?"
"funny"	"TEST"
"askreddit"	"What are some best college con tips?"
"askreddit"	"Heavy sleepers of reddit. What can you sleep through?"
"the_donald"	"Patrick Buchanan Reveals Himself to Be the First Trumpist"
"askreddit"	"Which movie dialogue inspired you the most?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit what is your creative outlet at work?"
"the_donald"	"Today's news about the French presidential election seems vaguely familiar..."
"askreddit"	"What's the best punny male kitten name you can think of?"
"funny"	"His funny tongue"
"worldnews"	"Ingenious micro homes from around the world || World News"
"the_donald"	"The Neoliberal sub thinks they can take back Pepe. Too late. Hillary already made it clear that Pepe is racist. Even the creator of Pepe has given up. He is ours... forever!"
"askreddit"	"How do you force yourself to get out of bed every morning?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best update to a post or story you've seen on Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time a business screwed you over and how'd you find out and handle it?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who fought in Vietnam, what's your story?"
"pics"	"I found this T shirt in the stereo section at Forever21."
"askreddit"	"Do you think its easier to make friends on Instagram or Twitter and why?"
"askreddit"	"People outside the United States, Do you have property taxes and how much are they?"
"askreddit"	"If you could only eat food starting with one single letter of the alphabet, what letter would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"You have to go back in time and tell yourself an important message that is hard to believe. What do you say or do to prove you are actually you?"
"askreddit"	"How do you believe that Time Travel, if it was possible, would work?"
"funny"	"Do It."
"the_donald"	"Golfer John Daly, Trump Supporter, Wins Champions Tour Event, Celebrates in Epic Fashion and Receives Kudos from the God Emperor Himself!"
"askreddit"	"What did help you to acquire more self esteem?"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Should Seize the means of production and give it to the workers."
"askreddit"	"Non-native English speakers of Reddit, what English jokes don't you understand?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Coroners of Reddit, what's was the most disturbing body you've ever examined?"
"askreddit"	"Who are you in love with from afar?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most disturbing creepypasta you have ever read?"
"the_donald"	"Reddit is banned in Indonesia, but rare Pepes still appear among local masks at the Bali airport. Meme magic is strong."
"the_donald"	"Look what I put together. (Thanks Wikileaks!)"
"askreddit"	"What's the sweetest thing a SO has said to you?"
"gaming"	"The new GTA San Andreas gang fights are looking great"
"the_donald"	"FRANCE: Can you see the future?"
"the_donald"	"R/islam"
"askreddit"	"Why is it generally acceptable to discriminate based on height, but not weight, when weight directly reflects choices, while height doesn't?"
"askreddit"	"What made you realize you loved him/her?"
"gaming"	"Hey guys, this turbulance isn't helping my archery back here."
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts on these eyes?"
"askreddit"	"What Was The Craziest Thing that Happened At Your School?"
"askreddit"	"What something that is blatant propaganda in your view?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors with tattoos, what tattoos do you have on your body and what do they mean to you?"
"gaming"	"What would you add or remove from GTAO?"
"pics"	"Picture I took on Bamboo Forest street in Kyoto this spring, Japan is a magical place."
"pics"	"Love images of the sun setting :)"
"askreddit"	"What cultural/social norms do we have that an outsider would view as downright weird?"
"askreddit"	"Student and teachers of reddit, how would you fix a lack of student motivation for academic success?"
"the_donald"	"Poland stands alone. The last bastion of western civilization on mainland Europe. Stay strong Poland."
"the_donald"	"How french patriots feel today"
"askreddit"	"What is something good you want to happen to someone other than yourself?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have settled down in life, what do you wish you would've done before you settled down?"
"askreddit"	"What will you include in your food section when you decide to throw a party with you being the chef?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time to any place and experience an era, what would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"Actors of Reddit: Which is more fun to play - Good character or Bad character?"
"funny"	"One of those things that just gets better everytime you watch it"
"worldnews"	"Osaka cityscape barely seen amid yellow sand haze from China：The Asahi Shimbun"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest lie you've ever gotten away with telling?"
"askreddit"	"How did you construct your egg drop structure in elementary school? How successful was it?"
"askreddit"	"People who got married privately, without guests or family, what was it like? Were people angry when they found out thats what you were planning?"
"funny"	"You don't say."
"worldnews"	"The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked"
"the_donald"	"Bill Maher Invanka Trump Incest Joke: These \"Comedians\" Have Zero Respect For Our President!"
"worldnews"	"Monsanto Hired Paid Internet Trolls to Counter Bad Public Image, Lawsuit Claims"
"funny"	"When you have a sudden urge to post on reddit"
"the_donald"	"Democrats Struggling to Recruit Strong Candidates Decimated bench leaves party with lackluster contenders in hunt for special-election upsets...“They have P. Obama to blame for that. They have such a thin bench that they’re left with second- and third-rate candidates that just don’t cut it.”"
"askreddit"	"What's the nicest thing you've secretly done for someone else?"
"askreddit"	"What secret will you take to your grave?"
"funny"	"Selling his car to teach him a lesson."
"worldnews"	"Third of French voters spoiled ballots or abstained"
"pics"	"Port of Kavala - Greece"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Men circumcised as adults, what has been your experience?"
"gaming"	"Can Anybody Please Suggest A Good Let's Player of Metal Gear Series For Me to Watch?"
"the_donald"	"We may have lost the battle, but not the war. We have to meme the UK conservatives to as high of a majority as possible in order to crush the commie opposition and ensure a hard Brexit"
"askreddit"	"What are you bad at, but love doing regardless?"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Tweet, Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!"
"the_donald"	"Same shit, different asshole."
"gaming"	"Drew Bounty Hunter from DOTA 2 as a gift for my best friend"
"worldnews"	"CDC recognizes the H7N9 virus arising in China to have the highest potential to be the next pandemic"
"askreddit"	"What are some differences between Canada and USA?"
"askreddit"	"What's an unusual/unexpected way someone you know has died?"
"funny"	"Hmu📲"
"pics"	"Me with a giant sea turtle"
"askreddit"	"What is something you wish you started doing much earlier in life?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors​, that have a \"sex for exchange of something\" stories, what happened? [NSFW]"
"the_donald"	"Video: Italian Reporter Attacked by Migrants on Live TV. When will enough...be enough?"
"askreddit"	"What tip/trick/advice can you give to someone should they need a professional in your industry someday?"
"funny"	"Teacher Appreciation Week"
"the_donald"	"Macron winning proves 2 things. Misogyny doesn't play a role. Leaks don't play a role. Hillary was just a horrible candidate."
"askreddit"	"When's the most inappropriate time to say, \"Right place, right time\"?"
"the_donald"	"John Daly is America"
"pics"	"NEW Justice League Leaked Photo!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Are bigger/thicker romantic partners a turn on or turn off, and why do you think you have that preference?"
"askreddit"	"What is an emergency service that should exist, but doesn't?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you could go back to your freshmen year of college and do it all over again?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What person have you only seen once (over 10 years ago) that you still think of from time to time?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest lie you got away with?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time you had to bend your chin to protect you while continuing to stare into someone's as eyes and bringing up your hand and saying \"I don't want no trouble ya hear\" while in a low voice saying wolowolowolo that slowly increased in volume?"
"askreddit"	"What is making my iPhone camera vibrate rhythmically?"
"askreddit"	"University/College students of Reddit who have roommate(s)/flatmates, what are they like?"
"askreddit"	"What are some reasons that legalizing Marijuana could potentially be beneficial?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most NSFW fact that you know?"
"worldnews"	"Election 2017: Senior Lib Dems calling for 'paper candidates' in certain seats to help Labour defeat Conservatives"
"askreddit"	"What movie is still fun to watch even if you miss the first half?"
"the_donald"	"MSM: Pepe is dead; Pepe: MSM is dead. Who do you trust?"
"pics"	"So majestic!"
"askreddit"	"How do you use social media as a tool for customer service?"
"askreddit"	"People that their family lived in Europe during the 1930s, when did it hit them/you that a war is coming?"
"askreddit"	"Need help for a Alienware Notebook"
"askreddit"	"What are successful jobs that correlate with a philosophy degree?"
"gaming"	"لعبة جرائم رائعة Trailer 2017 | The Invisible Hours"
"askreddit"	"What two franchises should cross over in a versus movie ?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever had a dream that you, um, you had, your, you- you could, you’ll do, you- you wants, you, you could do so, you- you’ll do, you could- you, you want, you want them to do you so much you could do anything?"
"askreddit"	"University/College students of Reddit who have roommate(s)/housemates/flatmates, what are they like?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your most favorite pokemon?"
"funny"	"Interesting tread pattern"
"gaming"	"Major Havoc"
"funny"	"F&amp;*K This Is Awesome Game!!! {Little Nightmares} #1"
"gaming"	"Nothing personnel kid..."
"the_donald"	"Christian man shot dead inside Egypt barbershop in ISIL-claimed attack"
"askreddit"	"What is your country the best per capita at?"
"the_donald"	"Are we still on the hand thing?"
"pics"	"The best way to get parents to control their kids"
"askreddit"	"Food lovers, what food do you dislike the most?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Who do you have to take shit from, and why?"
"askreddit"	"Plumbers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you ever pulled out of a drain?"
"pics"	"A picturesque park - square in Agia Barbara - Drama City in Greece."
"askreddit"	"Womans of the Reddits, what is citerpis and what it do?"
"funny"	"Strike one, Google"
"gaming"	"OFF WITH YOUR HEAD, ALL YOU! / Nioh Gameplay #3 (ZERO &amp; CORTILLION)"
"askreddit"	"Why when repost a question without knowing everyone points it out until I delete it but when someone else does it gets to the front page?"
"funny"	"Joe Jonas really believes in this meme."
"askreddit"	"If you bf/gf said that \"you're not good enough for them\", what would you do or say to them?"
"askreddit"	"Women of Reddit, what do you like about men?"
"askreddit"	"Movie Critics of Reddit, what are some hints or giveaways that let you know a movie is going to be good or bad, even before you watch it?"
"askreddit"	"Anyone hiring fork lift drivers in las vegas"
"askreddit"	"What are you ashamed to be so good at?"
"gaming"	"Make it happen! (x-post from r/titanfall)"
"the_donald"	"Remember those who support the God Emperor are reward bigly… Good karma for all pedes!"
"pics"	"NO OLD ENGLISH LETTERS"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who do absolutely nothing all day at your job; what is your job title?"
"the_donald"	"Why did they give Macron the wheel ...Fuck them 90% WHAT THE HELL!!"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"askreddit"	"What did you once post on reddit that was buried or ignored but might be worth a second look?"
"gaming"	"Seems legit"
"pics"	"pretty big paws"
"askreddit"	"If it was revealed that there was a shadowy cabal running the workd, what would be the most obvious sign in retrospect?"
"askreddit"	"Office workers of Reddit, what tips or tricks do you have to stay sane for 9 hours a day in an open plan office?"
"gaming"	"Suggestions on a new game?"
"gaming"	"$300 cat seat"
"the_donald"	"Obama Logic: Democrats who lost their seats for passing Obamacare did the right thing"
"pics"	"Austin, Texas."
"askreddit"	"[Serious]How do you prepare for an electromagnetic pulse at your home or workplace?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you used to despise but now enjoy?"
"worldnews"	"Nanotech 'slingshot' shoots drugs right where they're needed"
"askreddit"	"What is the most ingenious way of cheating in an exam you've seen?"
"funny"	"lol ... Chinese Engineer Marries a FEMALE Robot .. you're not gonna believe the reason why ? !!!"
"gaming"	"Now THAT is a Big Hole! Nier: Automata pt 6"
"pics"	"Can someone tell me who is on this cross? Or what is it?"
"askreddit"	"For those familiar with the popular '90s show Unsolved Mysteries, what was your favorite episode and has it been solved?"
"the_donald"	"does anyone else wish they were born even just a decade earlier?"
"the_donald"	"LIVE: Activists in Paris rally against Globalist Macron, Riot Police Deployed..."
"funny"	"Priorities."
"askreddit"	"Who here experiences pretty intense dreams? (This includes nightmares, night terrors and also sleep paralysis) How have you overcome that or been able to \"master\" lucid dreaming?"
"askreddit"	"Former Mormon missionaries of Reddit, where did you serve and what is a cool story from your time serving?"
"funny"	"Game, Over Man! (Workaholics guy's Teaser Trailer)"
"worldnews"	"Jewish Man Spit On, Verbally Abused Documented In 10 Hour Social Experiment in Paris"
"pics"	"The Americans are back"
"the_donald"	"Shill Maher reminds everyone how much of a cuck he really is"
"gaming"	"Ezio, turning heads as he goes about his day."
"pics"	"Went for walk by this trailer. Is that mold? Different levels on all windows."
"askreddit"	"What is something that truly amazes you?"
"askreddit"	"Imagine what would your guardian angel's daily log entry would be like?"
"the_donald"	"Then I found these ones."
"the_donald"	"And So It Begins"
"pics"	"Was driving on the ranch and this big fella came to say hi."
"askreddit"	"What can small thing can someone do to turn your day around?"
"gaming"	"A FUN GAME MADE IN 72 HOURS"
"the_donald"	"‘My Tooth Hurts-It’s Trump’s Fault.’ 5 delusional celebs who didn't get their way in Nov. keep stomping their feet and pointing fingers...It’s even worse when these pouty celebrities claim that changes in their physical health are all due to Trump...not trying to be funny...That’s what’s scary."
"the_donald"	"Streisand ponders 'what might have been' with Clinton: She's still stuck in the denial stage"
"the_donald"	"Why is the MSM pushing this disgustingly morbid story?"
"pics"	"Do not flush dreams. Seen on a train in England"
"askreddit"	"What is a subject you could spend hours talking about?"
"pics"	"Picture i took on the way to Dhanushkodi, India."
"pics"	"Saw someone taking his pet Iguana for a walk, Nara, Japan"
"funny"	"Kids these days"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddit or user has the most dedicated followers?"
"askreddit"	"What makes your pet cooler than anyone else's?"
"funny"	"They call him the text.And he takes it to another level"
"funny"	"Moved into our brand \"new\" office building today..."
"the_donald"	"Table A-2. Employment status of the civilian population by race, sex, and age - Every group is getting better"
"askreddit"	"If your future self traveled back 25 years from the future and you had time to ask them one question, what would that question be?"
"pics"	"Do I look like a maid to you?"
"askreddit"	"You are to be sent back in time to the Dark Ages and can only bring one piece of modern technology to help ensure your survival and/or improve your quality of life. What do you bring and why?"
"the_donald"	"Therapy dogs, chocolate, Play-Doh: Universities offer ways to cope with finals"
"pics"	"Deception"
"askreddit"	"New law comes to effect. When woman are on they are allowed to purdge. How does the society change?"
"askreddit"	"How can you hint/suggest to your SO that they need to loose weight, without seeming offensive/condescending/rude?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what made you break up with your SO?"
"pics"	"A family friend standing next to this tree in our front yard looks like a doll."
"pics"	"So majestic"
"funny"	"The prettiest of them all."
"the_donald"	"Just a daily reminder that by definition your gender is your sex. and there are only 2 of them."
"askreddit"	"Who is your most favorite cricketer?"
"funny"	"Library secrets"
"gaming"	"I want to point out Good Guy Bethesda"
"the_donald"	"Post-election protests in Paris overnight - at least 141 arrested"
"askreddit"	"What is an app or website that doesn't exist but should?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you've been doing wrong your whole life, but you only recently discovered your mistake?"
"the_donald"	"Since it is often cited that every month other than February is White History month, I wish there were a r/whitehistorymonth where people could submit all the positive influences and achievements whites have contributed throughout history."
"askreddit"	"What's on your sexual bucket list?"
"askreddit"	"People who have been suspended from school, what was your offense and was it deserved?"
"the_donald"	"It's a Lovely Day to MAGA."
"pics"	"My dog at his Birthday Party."
"askreddit"	"What \"First World Problem\" is currently annoying you?"
"askreddit"	"Who here actually uses Bing? And for what reason?"
"the_donald"	"Steyn: Now \"all the European members of the G7 are childless: Germany's Angela Merkel, Britain's Theresa May, Italy's Paolo Gentiloni, and now France's Macron.\" - NO REASON TO CARE ABOUT EUROPE'S FUTURE"
"askreddit"	"You are tasked with developing Homo Sapiens 2.0, what easter egg do you plant?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most overpriced things in the world?"
"the_donald"	"MACRON PLAYED THE EU ANTHEM BEFORE HIS SPEACH IN FRONT OF A PYRAMID (GO) rather than THE FRENCH ANTHEM."
"the_donald"	"Maxine Waters Wants To \"Socialize\" Oil Companies - Thank God that didn't happen"
"askreddit"	"People often say the future is now, but when is the future really?"
"askreddit"	"How has your music taste evolved?"
"the_donald"	"France, don't let the election results stop your movement towards freedom from Islam!! Evidence is mounting that the election was hijacked, just like Hillary tried, but failed!"
"the_donald"	"HIS NAME IS SETH RICH - AN AMERICAN HERO"
"askreddit"	"whats a stereotype about your country you wish would disappear?"
"the_donald"	"When you wake up a winner..."
"pics"	"This fly landed on my finger and seemed hurt, so I put him in the wind as we drove and he seemed to appreciate it."
"askreddit"	"Kids today on Reddit: What just don't parents understand?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever imagine a Cartoon Show promoting a Condom Product?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite Spongebob quote?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who hate your job, what's the time and call-in number for the conference call today?"
"askreddit"	"What fuck up did you make recently that's still bothering you?"
"the_donald"	"Boogie on Health Care"
"askreddit"	"New law comes to effect. When woman are on their period, they are now allowed to purge. How does the society change?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, How Do You Crush Creative Urges?"
"askreddit"	"What is something everyone is okay with until someone acknowledges it out loud then they turn on the person who brought it up?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worse case of parenting you've witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"what franchise are you surprised has not been rebooted yet?"
"askreddit"	"What's your life philosophy?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most favorite tv series?"
"askreddit"	"Insomniacs of Reddit, What puts you to sleep?"
"the_donald"	"With the result of the French election, I feel more inclined to get back in touch with my Catholic roots"
"the_donald"	"This sidebar image that r/the_Donald is extremely disgusting and rude. It must be removed at once!"
"askreddit"	"If your city was a mixed drink, what mixed drink would it be?"
"funny"	"1 Minute to tell a sad story"
"funny"	"Amy Schumer and Howard Stern Sing Impromptu Fox News Sexual Harassment Musical"
"gaming"	"TheGameTheorist's decryption of the ending of Minecraft is incredibly motivational, is a must watch."
"the_donald"	"Marine showed the world how a real woman handles an election that didn't go her way. She didn't blame Russians, fake news or sexists."
"askreddit"	"What's something that, once you try it, you can never go without?"
"askreddit"	"What travel destination is seriously underrated? [serious]"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Resurrection. Praise Kek!"
"the_donald"	"Obamacare Architect Jonathan Gruber Tries to Blame Trump for O-Care Disaster… Can’t Stop Lying (VIDEO)"
"the_donald"	"How are you going to MAGA today!?!?"
"the_donald"	"Marine Le Pen Concedes French Election about 10 minutes after the polls close. REMEMBER: Hillary supporters were sent into night uncertain what happened, she publicly conceded only the next day. Obama Repeatedly Pressured Hillary to Concede on Election Night"
"askreddit"	"If you could be the human version of any grocery, which grocery would you pick and why?"
"the_donald"	"Media definition of Centrist politician = drives down center of street when running over people"
"pics"	"There is nothing better than music at the beaches"
"askreddit"	"What stupid act would you not believe could actually happen if you hadn't seen it yourself?"
"the_donald"	"Racism clearly didn’t work for Le Pen, if the right was more inclusive they could team up with the African, Muslim, and Hispanic community because many of them are also conservative on account of their religious views. Together these people can crush the Marxists, but separately they will fail."
"askreddit"	"Whats your favorite non fiction podcast?"
"gaming"	"Cities Skylines Xbox One Edition pt 2"
"worldnews"	"Investigation underway after pilot caught napping in business class while trainee flew the plane"
"pics"	"Preoccupying the Pooch"
"askreddit"	"How do you distract yourself from scratching the bump on your calf caused by the mosquito sting?"
"worldnews"	"Horrific phone calls reveal how Italian Coast Guard let dozens of refugees drown"
"askreddit"	"When women say \"men are just boys who haven't grown up\" what are the qualities that they have that makes them so grown up?"
"askreddit"	"What is key to making your specific marriage work?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most fun you can have for under $50?"
"askreddit"	"If you could live in any time period what time would you choose?"
"funny"	"Safety first"
"gaming"	"How to send in your Nintendo Switch to get repaired"
"worldnews"	"Trump to announce federal court nominees"
"the_donald"	"Dems, pay attention, this is how to do it: Marine Le Pen dances her cares away after French presidential election defeat"
"askreddit"	"Couple therapists of reddit, what's a sign that the relationship is already over?"
"the_donald"	"Based Dilbert merchant: France had a chance to elect a Trump-like candidate, but instead chose a rich, white businessman with no government experience. #Macron"
"askreddit"	"If you had moments to live and the opportunity to pass along a final life lesson or message to a loved one, what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"\"According to his great mercy, he has caused us to be born again to a living hope through the resurrection of Pepe the Frog from the dead\""
"the_donald"	"Pepe has been resurrected! Praise Kek! Shadilay!"
"askreddit"	"Grave-yard shifters of Reddit; What is the best advice you can give someone who is about to start a long stretch of overnight shifts?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what was your best \"I know that language\" moment?"
"gaming"	"life sucks and then you die"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair to buy Tribune Media in $3.9 billion deal"
"askreddit"	"What was the defining moment of which you knew the world was going to shit?"
"funny"	"and I would still be late to work"
"askreddit"	"Millennials of Reddit, what do you want to accomplish in your life?"
"the_donald"	"The ISIS on the cake"
"askreddit"	"What are some really disturbing facts that can make someone go, \"Woah! that's a really disturbing fact\" ?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been in a situation where you sent a text to the wrong person and it ended really bad?"
"askreddit"	"You land on another planet, what is the first thing you 3D print?"
"askreddit"	"If you could give me 3 pros and cons of your political party, what would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best thing you can do in a dinosaur costume?"
"worldnews"	"Nigerian Parents Learning if Daughters Among Those Freed"
"programming"	"Going for Go and Sticking with SQL"
"askreddit"	"how do i get people to post things on my subreddit"
"askreddit"	"What joke do you feel really guilty for laughing at?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors of Reddit, how much does your real life resemble Reddit?"
"programming"	"Delft Students on Software Architecture: DESOSA 2017 Gitbook with software analyses of (popular) open source projects"
"askreddit"	"People who can't swim, why did/do you not learn?"
"funny"	"It's got a lot of views, but I just came across this video of a guy being an obnoxious air traffic controller in Flight Sim X (10m50s)"
"the_donald"	"Our Coalition has formed and is growing stronger, Netanyahu is standing with Trump BIG LEAGUE in the fight against #Fakenews"
"askreddit"	"If you had to be in a talent show what would be your act?"
"askreddit"	"Men on reddit why are you so sensitive about buying tampons or sanitary pads?"
"askreddit"	"hey, so... when will Trump build a Wall?"
"funny"	"\"The best there is...\" Painted a tribute to my dad. [OC] - oil 12x16"
"the_donald"	"The UK LABOUR party has officially gone full MARXIST. Out out out!"
"the_donald"	"When The_Donald visits your lecture hall."
"the_donald"	"Obese slob lies about his healthcare costs. Fake T_D shill thinks hes being truthful."
"funny"	"A Kickstarter Video"
"the_donald"	"America, The Beautiful."
"pics"	"Creepy picture of me and my dog. I've been told I look like the white Eazy-E in this picture. I had this done by a street artist downtown Detroit on my dogs fourth birthday."
"askreddit"	"Who do you believe to be the Serial Killer of modern times?"
"askreddit"	"What does \"you only live once\" mean to you?"
"askreddit"	"Researchers of Reddit, how's that working out for you?"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddits have the most downvoting users?"
"askreddit"	"What's your best pick up line?"
"askreddit"	"How does one obtain a job writing movie scripts, or anything in the movie industry?"
"worldnews"	"Two-thirds of Britons have had mental health problems - survey"
"askreddit"	"What are some foods that you like that most other people don't, and are considered an acquired taste?"
"funny"	"I found a vintage Batman squirtgun on eBay. Something seems off about the fill plug and trigger placements. (X-post /r/toys)"
"askreddit"	"If dog breeds had mottos, what would they be?"
"funny"	"To all of the scorned nice guys out there, if you want results, this is how it's truly done.....seriously."
"the_donald"	"12 shitty issues in North America worth discussing"
"pics"	"'Moriarty' from Sherlock Series. Digital Painting by Cecilia G.F."
"worldnews"	"1 Million Children Refugees From South Sudan's Civil War"
"the_donald"	"BAD HEADLINE - OBAMA ERA RULES ASPPLIED - They didn't double-space their grant proposals, so these colleges will lose millions"
"programming"	"Real-time driver drowsiness detection"
"the_donald"	"HAVE YOU HEARD THE GOOD NEWS?"
"askreddit"	"What are things a confused Redditor would say/ask to a user of other social media?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have found themselves in a life or death survival scenario, what's your story?"
"funny"	"I know where he got it from."
"the_donald"	"Pepe has been resurrected, just as the prophecies foretold"
"askreddit"	"Which notification makes u most excited?"
"programming"	"Automating app assets with inkscape"
"the_donald"	"Judicial Watch suing for Sally Yates emails. Let's compare them to her testimony today."
"the_donald"	"PEPES NEVER DIE! HE IS RISEN! PRAISE KEK!"
"pics"	"Visited a friend's ranch and got this idyllic shot."
"pics"	"Reddit has turned into \"who is more pissed off\" game between r/the Donald and the rest of Reddit"
"funny"	"I REALLY don't think it would be a good idea to put it on Channel 297 for the next hour."
"pics"	"My GF is going to be drawing a magpie. This is her planning sketch."
"pics"	"Time to rethink the name..."
"askreddit"	"why don't strong magnets effect smart phones electric circuits?"
"askreddit"	"Hollywood decides that your life deserves a movie. What's the tagline?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] What bedroom thing will you never ever do?"
"askreddit"	"What types of poisons can your body build up a tolerance for when taken in small doses?"
"worldnews"	"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has symbolically thrown into a bin a new policy paper issued by Hamas last week in which the Palestinian resistance movement accepts a Palestinian state based on the 1967 borders."
"askreddit"	"What task would you pay good money to have somebody else perform for you?"
"the_donald"	"Never has this picture been so spot on. RIP French civilization."
"askreddit"	"Would you use a website that connects you with someone in your area who would be your tour guide in a place you would like to visit?"
"the_donald"	"OBAMACARE WAS THE LEADING CAUSE OF DEATH IN 2016"
"askreddit"	"what key bit of life advice would you give to someone who is 19?"
"askreddit"	"What foods are good to eat when you are depressed and have no appetite?"
"askreddit"	"how do zombies work when they are dead?"
"funny"	"I will never be mature enough to not giggle at this."
"the_donald"	"Racist who committed hate crime at pool party exposed!!"
"askreddit"	"Who's the \"Jay Cutler\" of other sports/professions?"
"askreddit"	"What negative facts can you spin into positive ones?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most disturbing post/comment you've ever seen on Reddit?"
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"gaming"	"Nostalgia, are games getting worse?"
"the_donald"	"Lauren Southern &amp; Tim Pool Live at Massive Anti-Macron Protests in France"
"the_donald"	"VIDEO: REPORTER RUNS SCREAMING AS PEACEFUL MIGRANT ATTEMPTS TO CULTURALLY ENRICH HER ON LIVE TV"
"the_donald"	"Reddit dillusion never ceases"
"funny"	"Screw you, Jack."
"askreddit"	"What is a song that you can listen to over and over again, but never get tired of it?"
"askreddit"	"Where do you typically sit in an Uber/Taxi Car?"
"the_donald"	"This site is were shareblue buys there fake votes"
"askreddit"	"Doomsday Preppers of the supposed apocalypse (Y2K,2012,etc..) what was life like for you after the world didn't end ?"
"askreddit"	"What's your opinion about cheese?"
"the_donald"	"Anyone else notice the positive spin the MSM is putting on the Macron and his wife love story? Sounds a lot like borderline pedophilia to me... I wonder why the globalists love him so much... he's a shining example"
"askreddit"	"Who is your most favorite soccer?"
"gaming"	"Will you help build a gaming computer?"
"askreddit"	"What would be some advice for a 2nd year community college (soon to transfer to university) philosophy major? Secondly, what should a BA philosophy student expect the experience to be like?"
"the_donald"	"Promised reappointment by the previous administration - 3 year term expired - FALSE HEADLINE - Trump’s war on science continues with EPA firings"
"askreddit"	"What is a song you can listen to over and over again, but you can never get tired of it?"
"askreddit"	"Congratulations! You've just discovered a new planet humanity will colonize! What will you call it?"
"the_donald"	"What about Obama/ Merkel interfering with democracy?"
"askreddit"	"What small thing do you do when interacting with other members of your field just because you know how much it means to them through experience?"
"askreddit"	"What's your party trick?"
"askreddit"	"Skeptics of reddit. Have you ever had an experience with a psychic or a medium that made you a believer? What are your stories?"
"gaming"	"Wednesday adventures (Counter-Strike: Global Offensive)"
"pics"	"I've never seen my bumper sticker here, so..."
"askreddit"	"What would you consider as the best song from your country?"
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts on self driving cars?"
"askreddit"	"What is your first memory of having a friend?"
"askreddit"	"In TV shows and movies lawyers always have a ton of reference books in their offices. What exactly is in them and how are they used?"
"askreddit"	"Is everything conscious? Where is the line?"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest/craziest thing you've caught your SO doing?"
"pics"	"Who you gonna call?"
"askreddit"	"Truckers of Reddit, which state(s) seems to have the worst drivers and roads? Which has the best?"
"askreddit"	"You are invited to a potluck with the world's most powerful people. What do you bring?"
"funny"	"ps3 vs ps4 😅"
"gaming"	"Just caught myself thinking this. Borderlands 2"
"the_donald"	"Diamond and Silk® give this week's \"Bowl of Stupid\" award to Colbert"
"the_donald"	"HUD lost 500 billion and the left is worried about cuts? Why not fix HUD spending?"
"funny"	"What did you do?!?!?!"
"askreddit"	"What are inappropriate questions you have always wanted to ask people of other races? NSFW"
"funny"	"You typical worker's calendar looks like this"
"the_donald"	"CHALLENGE ALERT. I challenge you! Name JUST ONE city where having welfare put the community in better shape than ACTUALLY HAVING JOBS"
"the_donald"	"I guess Consensus is the strong force behind Man-Made Climate Change, not the history of our Climate"
"pics"	"Dear Poppy, I miss you."
"askreddit"	"Lead singers of Reddit: why do you rip that thing out of your ear and how does it change your performance immediately after doing so?"
"the_donald"	"VIDEO : Maxine Waters is Hailed as a “Social Justice Warrior” at the MTV Movie Awards"
"askreddit"	"If \"assisted\" means to help someone, what would \"buttisted\" mean?"
"the_donald"	"We did it guys.... The left is now making homophobic memes. This is the most hypocritical shit I've seen in a while."
"pics"	"IKEA mask 😷"
"askreddit"	"What's the most clever pun you know?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you willing to get to know a person you met on social media?"
"askreddit"	"Sometimes society causes us to be sheep. What happened when you decided to stop conforming?"
"the_donald"	"Measles Outbreak Reaches Record Levels in Minnesota – Somali Immigrants Hit Hardest (VIDEO)"
"askreddit"	"For those who have wanted to earn cash flow but haven't yet, what is the best way to get started?"
"funny"	"Researching Accountability in Technology, Cynthia has a point :))"
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts on the sex offender registry?"
"the_donald"	"[BREAKING NEWS] Scientific Discovery Might Save the World"
"askreddit"	"What is a skill that you are not impressed by?"
"askreddit"	"Ex-smokers of Reddit, what made you quit?"
"askreddit"	"What's your sex life, using only a Star Wars quote?"
"funny"	"Caption this picture! Make it funny."
"the_donald"	"MACRON ......."
"askreddit"	"Avid food eaters of reddit what is the weirdest mix of food you've eaten?"
"funny"	"Finals week summed up in one pic"
"askreddit"	"What's something everyone seems to think about you that actually isn't true?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless Star Wars fact you know?"
"worldnews"	"John Oliver crashes FCC site"
"askreddit"	"People who left their old life and started over, what is some advice for someone when they make to move?"
"askreddit"	"What's a tiny rule that you wished everyone followed?"
"worldnews"	"Wooing Germany: Macron team debates euro zone reform tactics"
"the_donald"	"Fuck you kurwas, we'll uncuck Europe! [BASED POLAND]"
"askreddit"	"What widely-panned movie do you think is actually pretty good?"
"the_donald"	"Cucky Fried Chicken. This socialist senile sellout is an embarrassment! Sad!"
"askreddit"	"After your SO went cold overnight, dumped you with the most trivial lame excuse and blocked all contact, did you find out what really happened?"
"askreddit"	"How do you stop the feeling of being inadequate from holding you back?"
"askreddit"	"Female pornstars of reddit, what does dp really feel like? [NSFW] [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What's an interesting career that not too many people know about?"
"pics"	"Trail of cat paw prints. I'd want them on my rib cage"
"the_donald"	"False Headline - 3 Year term expired - Promised reappointment by previous administration - NOT FIRED - EPA Dismisses Half the Scientists on Its Major Review Board"
"funny"	"Not Sure if Gear Shift Knob or Gus Fring!"
"worldnews"	"Barrick faces sanctions for Argentina cyanide spills, judge says."
"the_donald"	"The Thug Who Body-Slammed The Old Lady At The Pool In Florida May Have Just Been ID'd!!"
"the_donald"	"I was upset about the French election, but then I remembered we're BUILDING A WALL"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"the_donald"	"Now that Macron is President it only makes it more imperitive that we fully investigate the #MacronLeaks archive and the EU elite"
"askreddit"	"What was the best day of your life?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates will be fabricating a testimony against General Flynn today. This is all to bring back the headlines regarding Trump &amp; Russia."
"the_donald"	"To everyone who thinks we should censor New orleans!"
"askreddit"	"If you could have a threesome with any 2 historical characters who would you pick?"
"askreddit"	"Christians of Reddit, what do you think about all the contradictions in the Bible?"
"askreddit"	"What's your best dark humor joke?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, think back 9months before your birthday. What kind of baby are you? Birthday/Valentine/Honeymoon?"
"the_donald"	"When you have to build America but shitposting is life"
"the_donald"	"Find the French extremist."
"askreddit"	"What would be some common insurance claims in ancient times?"
"askreddit"	"What situation have you been in that you wouldn't be able to explain if someone walked in on you?"
"the_donald"	"JIHADIS BEWARE : Legendary American Gunship Gets Major Upgrade"
"pics"	"Excellent oil painting of Luke Skywalker from Star Wars"
"the_donald"	"They're not wrong!"
"askreddit"	"Who has helped you the most in life?"
"the_donald"	"White House's Jared Kushner Pushing $500,000 Green Cards, Threatening Reporters"
"the_donald"	"French election results by age. That employed and youth vote for Le Pen!"
"askreddit"	"What project (big or small) are you working on now?"
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch, Super Mario Bros ?"
"the_donald"	"This is BIG. The Federal Judiciary is quite powerful. See. Travel Ban &amp; Sanctuary EO injunctions. With more Conservative Judges on the bench we are more likely to MAGA sooner rather than later."
"the_donald"	"Trump wants senators to ask Sally Yates about Mike Flynn leaks"
"askreddit"	"Unusually short or tall people of Refdit: What's an advantage normal size people don't have?"
"funny"	"These Rasta earbuds are $4.20 off (x-post r/mildlyinteresting)"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite non-English song?"
"askreddit"	"Non-Canadians of Reddit, what do you think about Canada? How would you stereotype us?"
"askreddit"	"You are a pranking master and you have just inherited a time machine. How do you take your pranks to the next level?"
"funny"	"When you go above 2200 degrees..."
"gaming"	"When's the last time you thought out the box?"
"worldnews"	"Macau monitors ATM withdrawals, raids casinos as top official visits"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING : French Leader of French Veterans dies today after being assaulted and beated to death by a 21 year old men..."
"askreddit"	"When someone gets aggressive with you what is your go to line?"
"funny"	"Dafne Jackman and Hugh Keen at the MTV Movie Awards"
"the_donald"	"Just your daily dose of white power."
"askreddit"	"What movie would you 'Netflix and Chill' to and why?"
"the_donald"	"This Bastard Was At The Pool Party And Witnessed The Body Slammer Attack The Old Woman, And Has Been Laughing About It And Mocking Her For The Last Three Days. DO NOT LET HIM GET OFF THE HOOK!!"
"the_donald"	"Thinking that he is planning to run for President - Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel revives EPA's deleted climate change page on city website"
"the_donald"	"Yesterday we were flooded with 18 months' worth of pent-up smug gloating. Unfortunately for them, Trump is still President."
"askreddit"	"Redditors of Reddit, how much does your real life resemble Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"When did you realise that you are/were emotionally dead and what did you do to overcome it?"
"askreddit"	"What is the scariest thing that you have experienced in your life so far?"
"the_donald"	"Condoleezza Rice Knows That France is Doomed"
"the_donald"	"Britain's view of Macron victory"
"pics"	"A tunnel in Japan (xpost from r/itookapicture)"
"funny"	"Come with me if you want to live!"
"the_donald"	"Remember when Sally Yates broke the law by not enforcing President Trump's immigration ban? I do"
"the_donald"	"LET US NOT FORGET ABOUT OUR POLISH BRETHREN, LONG LIVE /POL/AND"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite kitchen hack?"
"askreddit"	"What is the craziest military tactic of all time?"
"the_donald"	"GOD EMPEROR TO APPOINT SLEW OF FEDERAL JUDGES: This is BIG. The Federal Judiciary is quite powerful. See. Travel Ban &amp; Sanctuary EO injunctions. With more Conservative Judges on the bench we are more likely to MAGA sooner rather than later."
"askreddit"	"When is it acceptable to divorce?"
"the_donald"	"Greetings from a French supporter of Front National"
"askreddit"	"Guys of reddit who are studs in bed, what are your greatest sex tips?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who pretty much have their shit together, what's your daily schedule like? How do you spend your time?"
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts on augmented reality implants?"
"the_donald"	"Raw footage of multiple ballot election fraud in Macron election. Of COURSE there was fraud."
"askreddit"	"What will you do if you meet with your first love after 5 years and she still not Marry but you have a beautiful wife?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's the scariest thing a complete stranger has said or done to you?"
"the_donald"	"Leaked photo of Macron on election night"
"pics"	"Majestic doggo on a Monday morning"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of Samurai Jack season 5 so far?"
"askreddit"	"People who been to a TV-Show, what happens during ads ?"
"askreddit"	"How do you ride a bike on a snowy road?"
"gaming"	"when you use the wrong cheat in GTA"
"askreddit"	"What was your real-life MacGyver-style crazy solution to a problem?"
"askreddit"	"Uber drivers, whats the worst passenger you have had to deal with?"
"funny"	"Ouch"
"askreddit"	"What weird coincidences have you experienced?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What do you think of how moderation currently works on Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"We Pepe's Kids. We don't die, we multiply!"
"the_donald"	"Fico says Slovakiaâs place is in EU - I do not see any other living space for Slovakia than the European Union - aka Lebensraum"
"askreddit"	"At what point did your \"dream job\" just become work like any other boring job you've had?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite line from The Office ?"
"askreddit"	"You can see Thestrals (Harry Potter reference), why?"
"the_donald"	"Just a reminder that Moldylocks tried to raise $80,000 for \"medical bills\" for this. Not only are they terrorists, but they are scammers too."
"gaming"	"Heh"
"the_donald"	"\"I've lost control of pepe.\" - supposed \"creator\" of pepe"
"askreddit"	"People who've eaten dogs or cats, why did you try it and what did it taste like?"
"the_donald"	"So muslims are poisoning puppies now because other people aren't muslim. Can we please get rid of these fucking cowards?"
"askreddit"	"If Reddit was a prom, which subreddit would would you take?"
"askreddit"	"go for the money or what you want to do ?"
"funny"	"Well all have one of those friends."
"askreddit"	"What would be the best choice of a phone and a plan for someone getting a phone for the first time?"
"askreddit"	"How do blind people know when to stop wiping their asses?"
"funny"	"Children of Darkness - The Mental Illness of Social Justice Warriors"
"the_donald"	"Cucks present: \"Anti Trump Aerobics\""
"pics"	"Hail in Australia doesn't mess around."
"askreddit"	"If you had to survive on any fictional universe and would be rewarded for how long you survived, what world would you choose, and what would be your strategy?"
"askreddit"	"what do you think about John Oliver's plea to FCC to take the Net Neutrality rights away, beginning in America again #gofccyourself.com?"
"askreddit"	"Memesters of Reddit: How did your family survive the meme depression?"
"worldnews"	"Labour would ban junk food adverts during primetime TV shows"
"the_donald"	"r_snarkworldnews is acting very French in support of Maricon's win. They just have NO IDEA how you could ever stop terrorist attacks, so fuck it why even try, just give up. A \"sad reality\" indeed."
"the_donald"	"Can we get back to the USA and President Trump?"
"askreddit"	"What normal thing do you do that might make you look crazy to an onlooker?"
"funny"	"On the office door of local Circle K"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates To Testify On Russia &amp; Michael Flynn"
"pics"	"Saw this guy driving around with his dog in Portland."
"the_donald"	"Two beasts are described in Revelations chapter 13, one from the sea (vs. 1) and one from the land (vs. 11). With the beast out of the sea, comes as a great source of darkness into the world."
"askreddit"	"How was your first time masturbating?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of person annoys you the most?"
"funny"	"So cancelled a subscription today"
"the_donald"	"REEEEEEEEEEEE ........."
"pics"	"Kayaking Kitties."
"askreddit"	"If you could be the best at anything, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious](some)Americans of reddit - Why are your reasons for opposing universal/single-payer healthcare?"
"askreddit"	"What is the one thing that you feel is just too immoral (but legal somewhere) and you simple will not do?"
"gaming"	"If I could say one thing to Bethesda for the future, it would be this."
"programming"	"An casual introduction to Machine Learning and Deep Learning."
"the_donald"	"Found this picture of a thriving Islam based economy"
"the_donald"	"The only thing I got away from the french election, and I do not hope another one would happen, is that I won't feel so bad for them once another truck comes rolling down the street towards a group of french people."
"pics"	"Just hanging out by the creek"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you screamed at the top of your lungs, and why?"
"funny"	"My kind of soup"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who've hooked up with their professor, how'd that go down?"
"the_donald"	"@WhiteHouse: LIVE at 1:45pm: @VP hosts Honor Flight vets in honor of Public Service Recognition Week &amp;… http://bit.ly/2pYHg6M"
"the_donald"	"When you hear you're dead but you know you're alive and well at T_D"
"pics"	"Utah thinks they're cute. But no one's cuter than Groot"
"the_donald"	"Lying NYT reporter disputes our POTUS' knowledge of the timelines. Says it's \"dangerous\" and \"ignorant\" to think a deal could have prevented the Civil War."
"the_donald"	"When the plan to destroy Europe is working 'cause you hate them..."
"askreddit"	"People who've read up on a famous PR disaster: what interesting aspect of it never gets brought up?"
"funny"	"TINY TIM TIRES"
"askreddit"	"A little girl kicks a soccer ball. It goes 10 feet and comes back to her. How is this possible (Ever heard of gravity? She kicked it up.?"
"askreddit"	"Which scene(s) from a movie or tv show make you ugly cry every time you watch it?"
"askreddit"	"What Creepypasta did you think was true?"
"askreddit"	"What'd you consider a classic cookie mistake?"
"the_donald"	"EXCLUSIVE - North Korea Prepping EMP Catastrophe Aimed At U.S. Homefront"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite entrance in sport, including wrestling?"
"funny"	"Upcoming sequel! Elsa gets trapped in the tower"
"the_donald"	"France has a short memory, let's remind them of the people who were killed by radical islamic terrorists."
"the_donald"	"Sargon on the \"death\" of Pepe..."
"askreddit"	"What is your most favorite jeans?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you always see on social media, but have never seen in person?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to live somewhere on de_dust2 where would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of the Octopus spam happening on Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, how are you really doing today?"
"askreddit"	"what do you day dream about, when your exams are nearing?"
"the_donald"	"*cries softly*"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you woke up as Donald Trump for only one day?"
"funny"	"What's that doing there?"
"the_donald"	"The New EU"
"the_donald"	"Are we facing a backlash or was our movement strictly an anglosphere phenomenon?"
"the_donald"	"Accurate?"
"funny"	"Bus bathroom trying to tell me how not to pee"
"pics"	"Medical Education and Research Facility, University of Iowa."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People who go underground for work or leisure, why did you masturbate down there and how was it?"
"pics"	"Fire Trucks leaving after a False Alarm (OC)"
"askreddit"	"Was there one reason you decided to cheat on your significant other or many?"
"askreddit"	"Women of reddit, what are your thoughts on Einstein's theory of relativity?"
"askreddit"	"What does it feel like to have cancer?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to recommend your favorite artist using one of their songs, which song would that be?"
"pics"	"Utah thinks they are cute, but no one is cuter than Groot"
"worldnews"	"Turkish prosecutors demand 3,623 aggravated life terms for Gülen"
"the_donald"	"'Rogue' employee at Grand Forks bar fired for denying drinks to Trump supporters"
"askreddit"	"In the grand scheme of things, which is worse? Cancer or AIDS?"
"worldnews"	"Activists and unions call for a protest against newly elected president Emmanuel Macron’s labour reforms plans."
"askreddit"	"Do you think computer science will become more ot less important/relevant in 20 years? And why?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What subreddits are you banned from and why?"
"worldnews"	"Beaten but not broken, Le Pen eyes parliamentary vote as “the primary opposition force”"
"pics"	"The difference between northern and southern Sweden right now."
"askreddit"	"Are you required to pull over for unmarked police cars? How do you know its actually a real officer?"
"funny"	"Easiest way to annoy a surfer"
"the_donald"	"NOTHING TO SEE HERE PEDES JUST A MAN PRACTICING HIS \"RELIGION OF PEACE\" OUT OUT OUT"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: During their visit to DC, vets of the N. Colorado Honor Flight will see several memorials, including the WWII, Korean &amp; Vietnam Memorials."
"askreddit"	"What's worth dying for?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who were bullied as children, which long-lasting effects did being bullied have on you?"
"askreddit"	"People who have answered Craigslist \"Missed Connections\" posts, or had their posts answered, what happened?"
"gaming"	"TOP 10 TWITCH PLAYS OF THE WEEK -PLAYERUNKNOWN'S Battleground ft. SmaK,Stodeh"
"the_donald"	"OH NO!!!!! THE SHILLS ARE BACK AT IT AGAIN. How will we ever recover?!"
"askreddit"	"What is something you want to say to someone but can't?"
"askreddit"	"What's something that can really break the Internet today?"
"askreddit"	"How sarcastic Americans really are in real life? Do people like Chandler Bing exist?"
"funny"	"Happy Monday y'all!"
"the_donald"	"Terrorist-loving, war hawk John McCain pontificates about supporting human rights."
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest thing you have ever done?"
"askreddit"	"In the grand scheme of things which is worse, cancer or AIDS?"
"askreddit"	"Some guy told me that steroids are for pussies. Is this true? Why or why not?"
"funny"	"Life management"
"the_donald"	"Now that France is an EU puppet state I think they need to change their flag."
"askreddit"	"What is the best NSFW fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"how can you lift an elephant with one hand?"
"askreddit"	"Who was the weird kid at your school?"
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] ladies into chubby/overweight guys, what is your preferred height and weight for him? When is he too big?"
"askreddit"	"How did you tell your SO you love them?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Any Redditors go through the application process for their country's secret service? What was it like?"
"funny"	"The official friend zone logo"
"funny"	"Took this picture just as he was about to sneeze."
"funny"	"God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change"
"askreddit"	"My Fiances Gecko died today (Liver Failure) How should I commemorate her?"
"askreddit"	"Who says the word 'Bitch' better: Sigourney Weaver or Aaron Paul?"
"askreddit"	"Who else likes to move their fingers just to watch the veins in their hand move?"
"askreddit"	"Just turned 30: What happens between now and 40?"
"askreddit"	"What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?"
"funny"	"Dads feeding their babies"
"askreddit"	"What do you hate about your SO?"
"askreddit"	"You encounter a genie with no magical powers - just a normal dude with infinite determination to grant your wish. What do you wish for and how does he try to fulfil it?"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"the_donald"	"Aryaan Hirsi Ali (my bae!) on the preaching of Islam"
"askreddit"	"What do you know that separates you from the peasants?"
"askreddit"	"What is a /r/thathappened worthy story that actually happened?"
"askreddit"	"What single life experience shaped you into who you are today?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest thing you've googled and why?"
"funny"	"Poster for Music Night"
"askreddit"	"What random act of kindness has a stranger done for you that really moved you?"
"funny"	"Maurice Sendak, beloved author and illustrator, passed away five years ago today. This is one of my favorite quotes of his."
"funny"	"How to correctly insert a USB"
"funny"	"Company I work for used Wordart for these posters."
"worldnews"	"Palestinian hunger strike leader Barghouti 'filmed eating'"
"the_donald"	"Vichy France is back, thanks Macron"
"worldnews"	"Mind the gap: Crowd push carriage to save elderly woman trapped on subway"
"the_donald"	"Tiffany Trump will attend law school at Georgetown"
"the_donald"	"Islamic Terrorist Group Release 82 Christian Girls While Teaching Boys How to Rape Them"
"askreddit"	"What would be some good items for a drinking game for the Sally Yates hearing today?"
"askreddit"	"A deadly virus breaks out and is spreading fast. What is your first move?"
"the_donald"	"Ayaan Hirsi Ali (my bae!) on the preaching of Islam."
"askreddit"	"What has broken you heart?"
"the_donald"	"Hate rejected? The left is mentally ill and deserve everything coming their way."
"askreddit"	"What's your go to fast-food meal?"
"funny"	"Waited All Week for this Giggity"
"funny"	"Damn those flying footballs!"
"askreddit"	"What do you hate the most about public transport?"
"askreddit"	"What topics are best to bring up if you want to start a massive shit storm in the comments section of a thread?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst car accident you have ever had?"
"the_donald"	"Please take a moment and thank all of the men and women out on the roads driving truck and keeping the nation's backbone strong.. my father is a driver for 30 years and still going."
"askreddit"	"What's your best lost and found success story?"
"gaming"	"Ecto Green Slime Filled Ghostbusters II cartridge"
"the_donald"	"My fellow pedes around the world who is against Globalism"
"askreddit"	"What is the most stupid rumor you have ever heard?"
"askreddit"	"If you could choose a weird unexpected way to die, how will you end up dead?"
"askreddit"	"If you could pick, for free, any single-family home currently for sale in the USA, which property would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"What is one popular television show that you hate and why?"
"askreddit"	"Military members of Reddit whats the craziest reason you have seen someone get NJP'd, Captain's Mast, Article 15 ?"
"the_donald"	"Alex Jones is a Russian Hacker CONFIRMED"
"askreddit"	"What is a cool Psychology trick you could try on friends/family? Either a perception issue or some associations we automatically make?"
"funny"	"Two types of people"
"askreddit"	"What mistake did you make that ended up turning out really good for you?"
"the_donald"	"Rand Paul asks Congress, White House if Obama spied on him - Really? Rand Paul? How in the hell is Rand connected to Russia?"
"pics"	"Today is my 6th cake day. To show my appreciation, here is the best photo I've ever done."
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump: Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel."
"the_donald"	"LIVE: LEFTISTS PROTESTING MACRON IN STREETS OF FRANCE"
"pics"	"Went to a rock festival this past weekend and saw all hair colors of the rainbow"
"askreddit"	"Males of Reddit who thought they would never get a girl, how'd you get her?"
"askreddit"	"If you could combine any two things together. What would they be and what is the end result?"
"gaming"	"A relic from the age of video game manuals."
"gaming"	"Just another boss fight..."
"pics"	"Aerial shot of my flight on Cinco de Mayo. Looks like we could've touch the Thermosphere"
"askreddit"	"If you were to die right now, how long would it take for people to notice?"
"the_donald"	"\"In retrospect, there is virtually no evidence to support the view that Mrs. Clinton really had a six-point lead by Oct. 28, even if it was a very reasonable interpretation of the polls that had been released to that point.\" -NY Times"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to let the Red Pill subscribers know their founder is a 31 year old loser computer salesman?"
"askreddit"	"If were granted the power to know anything when you wanted to know it, what would your first week look like?"
"the_donald"	"Slow day at CNN"
"askreddit"	"If your life is a movie, what is your biggest product placement?"
"funny"	"The logo of a small town nearby looks like it is still loading"
"askreddit"	"If subreddits were people, who would you Murder, who would you Fuck, and who would you Kill?"
"askreddit"	"There was an airplane crash, every single person on board died, but yet two people survived. How is this possible?"
"the_donald"	"How do you say 'Useful Idiot' in French?"
"askreddit"	"The new Wonderwoman movie is taking place during Word War I. Is the map shown at 2:00 in the new trailer accurate?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe became our symbol only because he was the most popular meme. It could have been any meme. Let that sink in."
"funny"	"Roof Upvote"
"the_donald"	"found this tweet'd meme... discuss"
"askreddit"	"If you had three wishes, what would they be?"
"askreddit"	"How far did you go to get an A on something?"
"askreddit"	"If subreddits were people, who would you Marry, who would you Fuck, and who would you Kill?"
"worldnews"	"Over 80 missing after migrant boat sinks off Libya"
"pics"	"Cops aren't always the bad guys we make them out to be. Here's one absolutely making my son's day."
"askreddit"	"What are some tricks of your trade that most people have no clue about?"
"funny"	"Kek"
"funny"	"Our future isn't looking to bright"
"askreddit"	"What's the meanest insult you digested in your life?"
"askreddit"	"What is your raison d'etre?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what special things do you do on your birthday?"
"askreddit"	"Invigilators of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you've seen during an exam?"
"askreddit"	"What was your most confusing orgasm? (NSFW)"
"askreddit"	"People who have been buskers, how much did you make on average as a street entertainer?"
"the_donald"	"Let them eat more cake: OPEN BORDERS, TERRORISM. (http://legalinsurrection.com/tag/a-f-branco/)"
"askreddit"	"How do you wipe your ass?"
"askreddit"	"People who've never drank or done drugs, why are you better than everyone else?"
"funny"	"Graduate: check; Work in field: ..."
"the_donald"	"Obamacare Architect Gets Called Out for Blaming Trump For Obamacare Fail..."
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what final piece of knowledge clicked everything into place for you?"
"askreddit"	"What are the social norms today that would freak a person out in 1997?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to bamboozle, who would you not?"
"funny"	"Sums up McDonalds in one picture"
"the_donald"	"Let's Make like the Polish and push Islam back into the Middle East"
"askreddit"	"George R.R. Martin writes/rewrites the end to your favorite book/show/movie, how does it change?"
"askreddit"	"Imagine you are in a sinking row boat surrounded by sharks. How would you survive?"
"pics"	"Love, live Life, smile, enjoy."
"askreddit"	"Why is there a misconception that obese people tend to snore?"
"askreddit"	"How many pages is your life story?"
"askreddit"	"Why haven't tearable bed sheets been given out to prisoners to prevent suicides like that if Aaron Hernandez?"
"the_donald"	"Shills desperately down voting anything France related post your French memes, pour la Résistance!"
"the_donald"	"Senator Bernie Sanders Asks The NSA If It's Spying On Congress in 2014, calls Trump delusional for asking the same exact question"
"askreddit"	"if Fast travel was a thing in real life, where would it be difficult to travel from because of enemies near by ?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite nickname for an everyday item?"
"askreddit"	"What did you browse before Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"When you have sex, how often are you thinking about the person you are with, compared to how often you are thinking of someone else?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the dumbest thing you've heard an adult say?"
"askreddit"	"What is the title of your life story?"
"worldnews"	"Banksy takes on Brexit with mural of EU flag"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What makes you think the death penalty is morally justifiable or not?"
"askreddit"	"You have a time machine that can take you back to any point in the past, but only for thirty minutes, and only once, what do you do?"
"the_donald"	"Beijing AI robot can read your mind to draw the exact symbols you're thinking about. What's next - THOUGHT POLICE?"
"pics"	"I hear you like painting of dogs for fiancés. Here's one I gave my fiancé last month!"
"pics"	"Homemade Rihanna red carpet outfit"
"askreddit"	"What if you can orgasm and not ejaculate at the same time?"
"askreddit"	"What becomes less important as you graduate high school, and then as you graduate college?"
"askreddit"	"in your opinion, What's make so many people in france vote for Macron ?"
"askreddit"	"What are your morning rituals?"
"the_donald"	"I'm not saying Reddit's radical leftists are members of ISIS, but they sure do root for the same candidates."
"the_donald"	"TFW Pepe is kill"
"pics"	"Looks like somebody has a case of the Mondays"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you've woken up too after falling asleep whilst scrolling through the Internet on your phone?"
"askreddit"	"How would you give a daily routine a gaming analogy?"
"funny"	"Looks a bit moist outside"
"the_donald"	"Senate confirms Rod Rosenstein as deputy AG; will lead Russia probe"
"the_donald"	"TIL the rest of Reddit doesn't hate Donald... they hate The_Donald."
"pics"	"Villagers express delight after entire beach that vanished in Achill Island storms in 1984 reappears overnight after freak tide."
"pics"	"A shot I took of cool dude playing ball - let's get him to see it."
"askreddit"	"Askredditors who have had their questions or answers featured in a CollegeHumor article, did it make you happy or sad that it was poached?"
"askreddit"	"What is the gaming analogy of a daily life activity?"
"askreddit"	"You are able to see what someone is doing and where they are for five minutes, however you only have 3 turns and have to use different people each time. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"If you were given the choice to travel back or forth in time once, which direction would you choose and why?"
"gaming"	"Why don't dark souls bosses team up against you?"
"the_donald"	"A full-bodied burka is the equivalent of wearing a mobile, flexible wall to hide yourself from others. WTF, Democrats love walls now!"
"the_donald"	"Daily Reminder: God-Emperor Trump retweeted Can't Stump the Trump and our favorite green frog, Pepe!"
"pics"	"Mr. Clean Magic Eraser (Melamine Foam) Magnified 40x under a microscope"
"askreddit"	"Parents of reddit, do u still engage in oral sex with your partner? Why or why not? Do you find it weird after a certain age?"
"askreddit"	"What was your ballsiest lie?"
"askreddit"	"If you could place a single potato - in any space, in any room, in any country, in the entire world - and no one would know that you're the one who put it there...where would you place the potato?"
"funny"	"Even the computer generated customers in this Delta advertisement don't won't to get on a Delta flight"
"the_donald"	"WHAT is this animal on about??"
"the_donald"	"With the bad news in France, what we need today is MORE WINGED HUSSARS!"
"worldnews"	"Six-year-old girl dies after bouncy castle flies into the air World News"
"the_donald"	"RIP France, it was great knowing you before you fell under Macron's globalist rule."
"pics"	"Want these photos inside 7-Eleven being looted in Baltimore to be seen"
"askreddit"	"What song immediately takes you back to a great memory that always puts a smile on your face?"
"askreddit"	"If you were granted invisibility for a day, what weird shit would you get up to?"
"the_donald"	"I WONDER HOW IT ENDS?"
"askreddit"	"What would take the longest to notice if it disappeared tomorrow?"
"askreddit"	"What's an opinion you hold that no amount of argument or evidence to the contrary will change?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best earphones you've bought for running that have a remote?"
"askreddit"	"What something you've done that seemed fine at the time but gave you nightmares later?"
"askreddit"	"School/College students of Reddit, what unique \"thing\" does your school do?"
"funny"	"The Linkin Park fan on the left..."
"the_donald"	"REEEESurection!!!!! Pepe has died for cucks' sins!"
"askreddit"	"What would you buy online for $100 ?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best excuse you've heard someone say to get out of something?"
"askreddit"	"Which film/song/book did you, upon revisiting much later, have a drastically different perspective on?"
"gaming"	"Agar.io: Prepare to Die Edition"
"the_donald"	"FRANCE HAS FALLEN, I REPEAT, FRANCE HAS FALLEN, I call to all Francopedes to consider moving to the US."
"askreddit"	"Germans of Reddit, what are your favourite cartoons/shows?"
"worldnews"	"South Sudan crisis: More than 1 million children have now been forced to flee world's youngest country, UN says"
"askreddit"	"Do you still think of your ex though he/she was the one who broke up with you? Do you think of what could have been?"
"askreddit"	"When did you realize your friend wasn't actually a friend?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most selfless thing you did?"
"the_donald"	"Latest White Supremacist Logo"
"the_donald"	"🚨FOLKS WE GOT THE GREATEST 45th PRESIDENT OF THE GODDAMN UNITED STATES OF FUCKING AMERICA AND THERES NO GOD EMPEROR ON THE FRONT PAGE!?!?!?!🚨"
"funny"	"I double dare you."
"pics"	"Right wingers protesting and rioting in denial of the French election"
"askreddit"	"How would your sex life change if you had no hands?"
"askreddit"	"What were your favourite AskReddit threads?"
"the_donald"	"Tiffany Had to Get Around a 163 on Her LSAT to Get Into Georgetown---HIGH ENERGY!"
"the_donald"	"I haven't seen a truer meme in my life. It's pathetically sad that the left side is so oblivious to the facts."
"the_donald"	"MFW I see someone in a full body Burka on my town. The radicals have infiltrated."
"askreddit"	"Ugly, boring, talentless, unlikable Redditors, where you at?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best ever comment on Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest fake sounding restaurant you can think of?"
"askreddit"	"What Kinds of Questions do they Ask in the Final Round of Interviews?"
"funny"	"The classic."
"askreddit"	"What could be a good punishment for women falsely accusing men of rape?"
"funny"	"GTA misunderstanding (x-post from r/gaming)"
"worldnews"	"French election results: The case for saying Marine Le Pen actually came third"
"worldnews"	"Support for a universal basic income is inching up in Europe"
"the_donald"	"PEPE'S DEAD???"
"the_donald"	"Friendly Reminder: Use DuckDuckGo, not Google!"
"the_donald"	"Little girl refuses the donalds hug saying¨your a dsigrace to the world¨¨"
"askreddit"	"What is the most useless fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, What is your honest opinion about mediation? If you tried it, did it help?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to invest a million dollars for retirement income?"
"askreddit"	"What is actually a worse love story than Twilight?"
"askreddit"	"What's a story or comment you wanna post but don't know where it would belong?"
"pics"	"View from my apartment..."
"the_donald"	"DuckDuckGo is a REAL Search Engine!"
"gaming"	"Guy trolls streamers on Dark Souls 3 by pretending to be a ghost"
"pics"	"Normal day outside my neighborhood...jk it was fucking beautiful"
"askreddit"	"One person is beating their kids, the other is beating their pets. Who do you rescue first, and why?"
"funny"	"Did you just assume I can only be 1 of 2 genders?!?!?!"
"askreddit"	"You are given a chance to make a Celebrity Death Match episode. Whom do you match up?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"What should there be an award for but isn't?"
"askreddit"	"What are some helpful tips for someone who gets very nervous when it comes to public speaking?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People who had the police or the FBI show up at their door because of their search history, what happened?"
"worldnews"	"Over 80 missing after migrant boat sinks off Libya"
"pics"	"My local movie theatre bar... (x-post r/marvelstudios)"
"askreddit"	"What happened when you went 0-100?"
"funny"	"The flag of Japan"
"the_donald"	"Global Quackery: Earth Has Not Warmed for the Past 19 Years, New Study Finds"
"pics"	"Finnish lakeview, Kannonjärvi [OC]"
"funny"	"Robbers in London are getting creative"
"the_donald"	"HELP! They killed off Pepe. Anybody with graphics skills to create a ghost of Pepe?"
"askreddit"	"Professional writers of reddit: How much money does your writing get you ?"
"askreddit"	"Teachers of reddit who are also gamers, how much time per week do you find yourselves playing?"
"askreddit"	"If you could fix any sporting event, what would it be and what player would do the deed?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit: What is your favorite dream of \"all-time\" that you wanted to share with family/friends but you were to embarrassed by it?"
"funny"	"Amy Schumer Steals Jokes"
"funny"	"This restaurant I found when walking around Chicago"
"funny"	"First line of defense"
"gaming"	"I just finished Horizon Zero Dawn and wanted to share some of the screen shots I captured along the way."
"the_donald"	"The Islamic world could have their own Richard Dawkins, if they hadn't killed him when he was 20"
"the_donald"	"Hey pedes, i picked up some new shoes. Made in the USA! MAGA"
"the_donald"	"Milo on the results of the French Election!!!"
"askreddit"	"What do you think that really happens in Area51?"
"askreddit"	"What was your \"Wow, I could have died\" moment?"
"funny"	"Press this button to die instantly"
"the_donald"	"HE HATH RISEN ON THE THIRD DAY!"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the shittiest way someone has broken up with you?"
"pics"	"I picture I took upside down between my legs."
"askreddit"	"What's the one thing that needs to happen to make you feel like you're living in the future?"
"gaming"	"Hitching a ride"
"pics"	"Fog that look like Ocean Waves"
"pics"	"My girlfriend took this cool picture while we were flying yesterday"
"askreddit"	"What things should you never try in your life?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, why are sunglasses just so dan cool!?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] People of Reddit in a Relationship. If you and your partner have a large gap in sex drive, how do you (on either side of that drive) work it out with your partner?"
"the_donald"	"France is an example of what happens when the law backs the liberal PC control narrative."
"the_donald"	"We might have lost the battle on Sunday, but let's not lose the war. In just one month on June 8th we have a British General Election to win. The only two parties that'll secure our borders from \"cultural enrichment\" are UKIP and the Conservative Party. Vote tactically!"
"pics"	"Love, live life, smile, enjoy."
"askreddit"	"Mental hospital workers and ex-patients of Reddit, what's the funniest/happiest thing you've seen?"
"askreddit"	"What subreddits are you subscribed too that you don't want anyone to know about?"
"pics"	"He looks like a stoic old man"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have successfully/are successfully in a long term, long distance relationship, what was your greatest challenge and how did you work through it?"
"askreddit"	"Girls, what NSFW threads do you check out/suggest a guy post in?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, do you like your job? Why/Why not?"
"askreddit"	"What saying have you proved wrong?"
"funny"	"I confessed my love through an Apple Music playlist..."
"gaming"	"Hey Everybody I'm Talon Widowmaker!"
"askreddit"	"Mens of the raddits, what is ccocyx and why is?"
"gaming"	"PSA: If you are not using push to talk, you shouldn't be using voice chat."
"the_donald"	"BASED Dennis Prager Nails the Arab World"
"the_donald"	"Trump State Department rescues family (including 4 year old American citizen) of Chinese political prisoner from Thai jail while Chinese government waits outside"
"the_donald"	"French election shitpost"
"the_donald"	"Macron celebrating today all like..."
"askreddit"	"How have internet memes affected your life?"
"askreddit"	"What's your most embarrassing submission on reddit?"
"funny"	"Someone Help Goole"
"the_donald"	"MSM is really getting desperate! \"Did the Russians influence your vote madam or was it the FBI's Comey letter do it?\""
"askreddit"	"Who do you believe will never die?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] do you think our grandparents generation of men were more masculine than the men today? Why is that?"
"worldnews"	"Iran threatens Pakistan, says will hit 'militant safe havens' if terrorist attacks continue"
"the_donald"	"I sexually identify as an overfilled cup with a loose lid AMA"
"askreddit"	"Guys, when you pee do you go through the flies or over the top?"
"the_donald"	"The only good thing about Macron winning ..."
"funny"	"Monkey Throwing Shit"
"gaming"	"SAMmar Nazi"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest place you have ever masturbated?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why are drugs (psychedelics and other recreational drugs) still misscheduled around the world?"
"pics"	"I didn't prepare for today, so here's a picture of my dog with his toys."
"askreddit"	"If you could be a superhero based on an element in the periodic table, what would you be?"
"gaming"	"High class 2B cosplay [NSFW]"
"the_donald"	"GREATEST QUOTE ABOUT MOOSE-LAMB DESTRUCTION OF CIVILIZATION (= EUROPE) BY THE GREATEST WESTERN LEADER OF THE 20TH CENTURY"
"pics"	"I stood behind a cardboard cutout of the President of the European Council, Donald Tusk"
"askreddit"	"What's the last movie that blew you away?"
"funny"	"Almost ready"
"the_donald"	"The Fall of France is quite easily explained."
"the_donald"	"The Eye of Macron"
"askreddit"	"What is a dangerous situation you've been in that you were oblivious to?"
"the_donald"	"Macron"
"askreddit"	"I love chili, but where you can't use chili?"
"the_donald"	"/pol/"
"the_donald"	"Pepe has no creator!"
"pics"	"Rainbow on a rainy day"
"gaming"	"Seems like a trap..."
"the_donald"	"This never gets old...."
"askreddit"	"What's the most \"dangerous\" food/beverage to consume whilst at work? E.g tomato soup can destroy a shirt. Give us a story if you can?"
"askreddit"	"Students of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you were accused of by a teacher?"
"askreddit"	"What are some great documentaries about military stragety and tactics?"
"funny"	"There is something wrong with this picture"
"pics"	"Sunset at the beach"
"pics"	"Slick looking dutch cop"
"pics"	"I took a picture of my campfire when my family was camping"
"askreddit"	"Why are chapstick and lipstick tips shaped differently?"
"funny"	"Because of the Inquisition"
"the_donald"	"You'll never guess where \"billclintonisarapi.st\" redirects to"
"pics"	"Pont d'Arc, Ardèche, France"
"askreddit"	"What were you forced into?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] In what ways has Reddit benefited you?"
"the_donald"	"Book Recommendations"
"askreddit"	"What's that one smell for you that has that very specific memory attached to it?"
"askreddit"	"Which picture from history is still unexplained?"
"the_donald"	"Don't let the FAKE news fool you. This is what really happened in the French Presidential election!"
"the_donald"	"What are France's nuclear capabilities and how do we deter them when Muslims seize the government?"
"the_donald"	"INTERNET FREEDOM. NET NEUTRALITY. DO YOUR PART."
"askreddit"	"What do you think about Chinese politics?"
"the_donald"	"TIL: Under Obama, black poverty went up between 2008 and 2014 while it came down for everyone else. Why are the democrats getting the votes of African Americans? As a group, they went from 36% in poverty in 2002 to 44% in 2014."
"pics"	"Tricky shot - I love it when everything comes together"
"askreddit"	"What imaginary games did you play as a kid?"
"the_donald"	"While I feel bad for France, the only way to help them is to show the people of the Western world that the nation-state is the best form of government. We need to get things done here in America, and when we show how successful we are other countries will want it then vote for it. MAGA"
"askreddit"	"What are some great/ important Twitter accounts to follow?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best thing about a Monday?"
"worldnews"	"Two-year-old girl mauled by dogs in 'horrific' attack"
"askreddit"	"How many of us have nsfw pics in our post history?"
"askreddit"	"What keeps you interested in someone in a relationship?"
"askreddit"	"Which TV show theme song do you memorize entirely?"
"askreddit"	"Sons/Daughters of incest, how does your life go?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you hate your job?"
"askreddit"	"So who else got locked in closets by their teachers and had penis inspection day?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have survived natural disasters, what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"What are your road trip advices/hacks to make the drive easier/more enjoyable?"
"askreddit"	"Whether it was your wedding or a wedding you attended, what is the worst behavior you've seen from a wedding guest?"
"askreddit"	"What would worldwide Islamic Consolidation look like if it was focused on reforming the militant interpretations?"
"askreddit"	"What was the funniest thing you have ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"How would your dating life be different if you didn't grow up with romantic comedies?"
"askreddit"	"What is reddits experience with subliminal msging, affirmations, mantras and hypnosis? How effective would you say they are?"
"askreddit"	"Programmers of Reddit, what program/bit of code are you most proud of?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your source of inspiration?"
"askreddit"	"If you veré given 100 dollars, how would you turn it into 1000 dollars in a month?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, which habit improved your life?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you have done and enjoyed a lot but would never do again?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest unexplained occurence in history?"
"askreddit"	"What is another word/term for the toilet where you're from?"
"askreddit"	"Which AskReddit repost are you waiting for so you can tell your story without it being buried?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that have hitchhiked, what situation turned out to be a lot sketchier in retrospect?"
"askreddit"	"Trailer Parkers of Reddit, what's the trailer-parkiest thing you've ever witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"What did you do today that made someone happy?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that you brought to school that would probably get you in trouble?"
"funny"	"Chocolate with some of that all important sexually transmitted disease crunch."
"funny"	"🅱️AUTISTIC"
"funny"	"probably gets mixed up a lot"
"funny"	"This Networking Party Sucked -- edited stock footage"
"funny"	"Zorro"
"funny"	"Doesn't matter where you are"
"funny"	"If Americans were Pokémon"
"funny"	"That website name..."
"funny"	"Couldn't remember the songs name, yet YouTube's search engine gets me..."
"funny"	"My chem teacher was cold today"
"funny"	"I hope I get taken out soon"
"funny"	"Sometimes our kids teach us"
"funny"	"Witnessed this gem this morning. I'd say \"only in Oklahoma\" but I don't think that's an accurate statement. 😂"
"funny"	"Someone at my local Target decided to rearrange some letters."
"funny"	"Because of the Inquisition"
"funny"	"There is something wrong with this picture"
"funny"	"Monkey Throwing Shit"
"funny"	"Someone Help Goole"
"funny"	"I confessed my love through an Apple Music playlist..."
"funny"	"Press this button to die instantly"
"funny"	"Amy Schumer Steals Jokes"
"funny"	"This restaurant I found when walking around Chicago"
"funny"	"First line of defense"
"funny"	"Robbers in London are getting creative"
"funny"	"The flag of Japan"
"gaming"	"Roughly the same..."
"gaming"	"Will the mic in this \"in-ear\" headset work in a desktop-pc?"
"gaming"	"The Design of Dead Space - Part 3 | Game Maker's Toolkit"
"gaming"	"Favorite racing game of all time"
"gaming"	"SAMmar Nazi"
"gaming"	"PSA: If you are not using push to talk, you shouldn't be using voice chat."
"gaming"	"Hey Everybody I'm Talon Widowmaker!"
"gaming"	"Hitching a ride"
"gaming"	"I just finished Horizon Zero Dawn and wanted to share some of the screen shots I captured along the way."
"gaming"	"Agar.io: Prepare to Die Edition"
"gaming"	"Why don't dark souls bosses team up against you?"
"gaming"	"A relic from the age of video game manuals."
"gaming"	"Ecto Green Slime Filled Ghostbusters II cartridge"
"gaming"	"If I could say one thing to Bethesda for the future, it would be this."
"gaming"	"When's the last time you thought out the box?"
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch, Super Mario Bros ?"
"gaming"	"Just caught myself thinking this. Borderlands 2"
"gaming"	"Will you help build a gaming computer?"
"gaming"	"Nostalgia, are games getting worse?"
"gaming"	"life sucks and then you die"
"gaming"	"TheGameTheorist's decryption of the ending of Minecraft is incredibly motivational, is a must watch."
"gaming"	"I want to point out Good Guy Bethesda"
"gaming"	"Ezio, turning heads as he goes about his day."
"gaming"	"Now THAT is a Big Hole! Nier: Automata pt 6"
"gaming"	"$300 cat seat"
"worldnews"	"Google Maps to help settle Afghanistan-Pakistan border dispute"
"worldnews"	"More than 100 arrested in Paris after Macron win"
"worldnews"	"96 Percent of French Israelis Vote for Macron, Envoy Says"
"worldnews"	"Man arrested in killing of engaged Boston doctors"
"worldnews"	"Putin to France’s Macron: Let’s ‘overcome mutual mistrust’"
"worldnews"	"Two-year-old girl mauled by dogs in 'horrific' attack"
"worldnews"	"Iran threatens Pakistan, says will hit 'militant safe havens' if terrorist attacks continue"
"worldnews"	"Over 80 missing after migrant boat sinks off Libya"
"worldnews"	"Support for a universal basic income is inching up in Europe"
"worldnews"	"South Sudan crisis: More than 1 million children have now been forced to flee world's youngest country, UN says"
"worldnews"	"Banksy takes on Brexit with mural of EU flag"
"worldnews"	"Over 80 missing after migrant boat sinks off Libya"
"worldnews"	"Palestinian hunger strike leader Barghouti 'filmed eating'"
"worldnews"	"Beaten but not broken, Le Pen eyes parliamentary vote as “the primary opposition force”"
"worldnews"	"Activists and unions call for a protest against newly elected president Emmanuel Macron’s labour reforms plans."
"worldnews"	"Turkish prosecutors demand 3,623 aggravated life terms for Gülen"
"worldnews"	"Labour would ban junk food adverts during primetime TV shows"
"worldnews"	"Macau monitors ATM withdrawals, raids casinos as top official visits"
"worldnews"	"Barrick faces sanctions for Argentina cyanide spills, judge says."
"worldnews"	"Wooing Germany: Macron team debates euro zone reform tactics"
"worldnews"	"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has symbolically thrown into a bin a new policy paper issued by Hamas last week in which the Palestinian resistance movement accepts a Palestinian state based on the 1967 borders."
"worldnews"	"1 Million Children Refugees From South Sudan's Civil War"
"worldnews"	"Two-thirds of Britons have had mental health problems - survey"
"worldnews"	"Nigerian Parents Learning if Daughters Among Those Freed"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair to buy Tribune Media in $3.9 billion deal"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"programming"	"Automating app assets with inkscape"
"programming"	"Real-time driver drowsiness detection"
"programming"	"Delft Students on Software Architecture: DESOSA 2017 Gitbook with software analyses of (popular) open source projects"
"programming"	"Going for Go and Sticking with SQL"
"programming"	"Best tools for mobile games development"
"programming"	"Dark side of Xamarin: day-to-day usage experience"
"programming"	"Integrating React into an Existing Web Application"
"programming"	"How we made Basecamp 3’s Android app 100% Kotlin"
"programming"	"MapD, the GPU-powered DB, is now Open Source; Here's how to compile it."
"programming"	"loginsrv - JWT login microservice with plugable backends such as OAuth2, Github, htpasswd, osiam"
"programming"	"Let’s Build A Simple Interpreter. Part 14: Nested Scopes and a Source-to-Source Compiler."
"programming"	"Migrating to Spark 2.0 - Part 3 : DataFrame to Dataset"
"programming"	"Office distractions could be costing your company more than $30k per high-performance employee each year"
"programming"	"Hitchhiking the HoloToolkit-Unity, Leg 14–More with Spatial Understanding"
"programming"	"Adventures in JIT compilation: Part 3 - LLVM"
"programming"	"10 Virtues that Make Node.js a Top Choice for Web Application Development"
"programming"	"triangulation with icmp pings with scala and akka"
"programming"	"Curious case of branch performance"
"programming"	"The power of integration in API-first referral marketing"
"programming"	"Do your testers have eidetic memory? - Blog post on reproducing bugs from Manual -&gt; Automated Testing"
"the_donald"	"Idiotic Seattle Mayor Taxes Diet Soda Because ‘Affluent White People Drink More Of It’. Of course, liberals have solution: Put house arrest ankle bracelets on all Diet Coke products."
"the_donald"	"The 45th President of the United States. You know this website is cucked when this image is somehow controversial."
"the_donald"	"As a Doctor Who fan, now that Le Pen lost, this is the first thing I think of when I think of France today"
"the_donald"	"\"Progress\""
"the_donald"	"\"In the future we won't have any countries, humanity will unite as one, robots will work while humans get universal basic income and we will have gender equality\" - And Libtards say the alt right movement is unrealistic?!"
"the_donald"	"One of the best examples of how socialism doesn't work"
"the_donald"	"RELIGION OF PEACE - Germany: Muslim migrant murders convert from Islam to Christianity in front of her children - “Whoever changed his Islamic religion, then kill him” (Bukhari 9.84.57)."
"the_donald"	"An interesting interview by a well-articulated individual about the current state of Trump (100-Days Rally)."
"the_donald"	"REMEMBER WHEN COLBERT WAS MENTIONED 68 TIMES IN PODESTA'S PIZZAGATE EMAILS? COLBERT CONSORTS WITH PEDOPHILES"
"the_donald"	"Piers Morgan: So, the first winner of Best 'Gender Neutral' Actor was a rabid feminist woman! Quelle surprise..."
"the_donald"	"Strike Pepe down and he will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine."
"the_donald"	"“The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.” - Mark \"Pepe\" Twain."
"the_donald"	"Illegal immigration &amp; inconvenient truths - Adopt Mexican law - Crossing the border illegally into the United States is a civil infraction. But crossing the border illegally into Mexico, is a criminal offense. First offense up to two years, 10 years for a repeat offense."
"the_donald"	"RETRACTION - I put up a meme of Bernie, turned out to be BS. I found the original photo. Thanks to the u/ for alerting me to my folly (ps, both are fake)"
"the_donald"	"Can Europe Be Saved After All?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates is a patriot is a hashtag we should play along with and show them what true patriots are (Seth Rich, Breitbart)"
"the_donald"	"45 minutes of debate and this is where we ended up"
"the_donald"	"Please stop posting about the French Election"
"the_donald"	"HARAM! UK Set to Deploy Attack Dogs to Guard Parliament Against Terrorism"
"the_donald"	"France surrendered themselves to invaders again?"
"the_donald"	"I get delicious shivers reminding myself of Obama's promise to be the last president to take on healthcare. 2009 speech:"
"the_donald"	"President Trump: \"Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.\""
"the_donald"	"Senator Susan Collins of Maine says Senate going to write their own new healthcare bill. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK HAVE THEY BEEN DOING FOR 8 YEARS!!?!!!"
"the_donald"	"Is there hope for Europe after all?"
"the_donald"	"Pack it up boys, pepe is dead."
"pics"	"My son just said, 'I love money, I love rubbing it against my face so I smell like rich people.'"
"pics"	"Niether Katchup not Mustard"
"pics"	"WTF is this even supposed to mean? Do people actually click on these sponsored ads?"
"pics"	"Looking down on West 42nd Street"
"pics"	"Another crazy good pet portrait by Melissa Hamilton of TMS Art. I was shocked at how beautiful they are in person."
"pics"	"Almost killed myself with this thing."
"pics"	"Girl at the train station"
"pics"	"Avatar cave in New Zealand (they're glow worms!)"
"pics"	"Love, live life, smile, enjoy."
"pics"	"Cheesequake State Park, Matawan NJ"
"pics"	"The night sky over my backyard."
"pics"	"Rangárþing waterfall in Iceland"
"pics"	"Measure Twice, Cut Once"
"pics"	"Pic I took while at Disney"
"pics"	"Bristol Cathedral"
"pics"	"The snozzberries taste like snozzberries!"
"pics"	"Beignets at Cafe Du Monde"
"pics"	"Why I like the window seat."
"pics"	"Ah, toddlers."
"pics"	"Met this boy while touring New Zealand, he was a bit camera shy, but as a total amateur I was pleased with the result"
"pics"	"Tricky shot - I love it when everything comes together"
"pics"	"Pont d'Arc, Ardèche, France"
"pics"	"Sunset at the beach"
"pics"	"Slick looking dutch cop"
"pics"	"I took a picture of my campfire when my family was camping"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever actually called your Senator/Rep? How did the conversation go or what did you ask them?"
"askreddit"	"What are some offensive drink names, e.g. Irish Car Bomb, and what do they consist of?"
"askreddit"	"How many of us have nsfw pics in our post history?"
"askreddit"	"What keeps you interested in someone in a relationship?"
"askreddit"	"Which TV show theme song do you memorize entirely?"
"askreddit"	"Sons/Daughters of incest, how does your life go?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you hate your job?"
"askreddit"	"So who else got locked in closets by their teachers and had penis inspection day?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have survived natural disasters, what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"What are your road trip advices/hacks to make the drive easier/more enjoyable?"
"askreddit"	"Whether it was your wedding or a wedding you attended, what is the worst behavior you've seen from a wedding guest?"
"askreddit"	"What would worldwide Islamic Consolidation look like if it was focused on reforming the militant interpretations?"
"askreddit"	"What was the funniest thing you have ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"How would your dating life be different if you didn't grow up with romantic comedies?"
"askreddit"	"What is reddits experience with subliminal msging, affirmations, mantras and hypnosis? How effective would you say they are?"
"askreddit"	"Programmers of Reddit, what program/bit of code are you most proud of?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your source of inspiration?"
"askreddit"	"If you veré given 100 dollars, how would you turn it into 1000 dollars in a month?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, which habit improved your life?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you have done and enjoyed a lot but would never do again?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest unexplained occurence in history?"
"askreddit"	"What is another word/term for the toilet where you're from?"
"askreddit"	"Which AskReddit repost are you waiting for so you can tell your story without it being buried?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that have hitchhiked, what situation turned out to be a lot sketchier in retrospect?"
"askreddit"	"Trailer Parkers of Reddit, what's the trailer-parkiest thing you've ever witnessed?"
"funny"	"Monty Python Life Of Brian is still relevant today"
"funny"	"Chocolate with some of that all important sexually transmitted disease crunch."
"funny"	"🅱️AUTISTIC"
"funny"	"probably gets mixed up a lot"
"funny"	"This Networking Party Sucked -- edited stock footage"
"funny"	"Zorro"
"funny"	"Doesn't matter where you are"
"funny"	"If Americans were Pokémon"
"funny"	"That website name..."
"funny"	"Couldn't remember the songs name, yet YouTube's search engine gets me..."
"funny"	"My chem teacher was cold today"
"funny"	"I hope I get taken out soon"
"funny"	"Sometimes our kids teach us"
"funny"	"Witnessed this gem this morning. I'd say \"only in Oklahoma\" but I don't think that's an accurate statement. 😂"
"funny"	"Someone at my local Target decided to rearrange some letters."
"funny"	"Because of the Inquisition"
"funny"	"There is something wrong with this picture"
"funny"	"Monkey Throwing Shit"
"funny"	"Someone Help Goole"
"funny"	"I confessed my love through an Apple Music playlist..."
"funny"	"Press this button to die instantly"
"funny"	"Amy Schumer Steals Jokes"
"funny"	"This restaurant I found when walking around Chicago"
"funny"	"First line of defense"
"funny"	"Robbers in London are getting creative"
"gaming"	"Roughly the same..."
"gaming"	"Will the mic in this \"in-ear\" headset work in a desktop-pc?"
"gaming"	"The Design of Dead Space - Part 3 | Game Maker's Toolkit"
"gaming"	"Favorite racing game of all time"
"gaming"	"SAMmar Nazi"
"gaming"	"PSA: If you are not using push to talk, you shouldn't be using voice chat."
"gaming"	"Hey Everybody I'm Talon Widowmaker!"
"gaming"	"Hitching a ride"
"gaming"	"I just finished Horizon Zero Dawn and wanted to share some of the screen shots I captured along the way."
"gaming"	"Agar.io: Prepare to Die Edition"
"gaming"	"Why don't dark souls bosses team up against you?"
"gaming"	"A relic from the age of video game manuals."
"gaming"	"Ecto Green Slime Filled Ghostbusters II cartridge"
"gaming"	"If I could say one thing to Bethesda for the future, it would be this."
"gaming"	"When's the last time you thought out the box?"
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch, Super Mario Bros ?"
"gaming"	"Just caught myself thinking this. Borderlands 2"
"gaming"	"Will you help build a gaming computer?"
"gaming"	"Nostalgia, are games getting worse?"
"gaming"	"life sucks and then you die"
"gaming"	"TheGameTheorist's decryption of the ending of Minecraft is incredibly motivational, is a must watch."
"gaming"	"I want to point out Good Guy Bethesda"
"gaming"	"Ezio, turning heads as he goes about his day."
"gaming"	"Now THAT is a Big Hole! Nier: Automata pt 6"
"gaming"	"$300 cat seat"
"worldnews"	"Google Maps to help settle Afghanistan-Pakistan border dispute"
"worldnews"	"More than 100 arrested in Paris after Macron win"
"worldnews"	"96 Percent of French Israelis Vote for Macron, Envoy Says"
"worldnews"	"Man arrested in killing of engaged Boston doctors"
"worldnews"	"Putin to France’s Macron: Let’s ‘overcome mutual mistrust’"
"worldnews"	"Two-year-old girl mauled by dogs in 'horrific' attack"
"worldnews"	"Iran threatens Pakistan, says will hit 'militant safe havens' if terrorist attacks continue"
"worldnews"	"Over 80 missing after migrant boat sinks off Libya"
"worldnews"	"Support for a universal basic income is inching up in Europe"
"worldnews"	"South Sudan crisis: More than 1 million children have now been forced to flee world's youngest country, UN says"
"worldnews"	"Banksy takes on Brexit with mural of EU flag"
"worldnews"	"Over 80 missing after migrant boat sinks off Libya"
"worldnews"	"Palestinian hunger strike leader Barghouti 'filmed eating'"
"worldnews"	"Beaten but not broken, Le Pen eyes parliamentary vote as “the primary opposition force”"
"worldnews"	"Activists and unions call for a protest against newly elected president Emmanuel Macron’s labour reforms plans."
"worldnews"	"Turkish prosecutors demand 3,623 aggravated life terms for Gülen"
"worldnews"	"Labour would ban junk food adverts during primetime TV shows"
"worldnews"	"Macau monitors ATM withdrawals, raids casinos as top official visits"
"worldnews"	"Barrick faces sanctions for Argentina cyanide spills, judge says."
"worldnews"	"Wooing Germany: Macron team debates euro zone reform tactics"
"worldnews"	"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has symbolically thrown into a bin a new policy paper issued by Hamas last week in which the Palestinian resistance movement accepts a Palestinian state based on the 1967 borders."
"worldnews"	"1 Million Children Refugees From South Sudan's Civil War"
"worldnews"	"Two-thirds of Britons have had mental health problems - survey"
"worldnews"	"Nigerian Parents Learning if Daughters Among Those Freed"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair to buy Tribune Media in $3.9 billion deal"
"programming"	"How Deep Learning might help you decode your cat"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"programming"	"Automating app assets with inkscape"
"programming"	"Real-time driver drowsiness detection"
"programming"	"Delft Students on Software Architecture: DESOSA 2017 Gitbook with software analyses of (popular) open source projects"
"programming"	"Going for Go and Sticking with SQL"
"programming"	"Best tools for mobile games development"
"programming"	"Dark side of Xamarin: day-to-day usage experience"
"programming"	"Integrating React into an Existing Web Application"
"programming"	"How we made Basecamp 3’s Android app 100% Kotlin"
"programming"	"MapD, the GPU-powered DB, is now Open Source; Here's how to compile it."
"programming"	"loginsrv - JWT login microservice with plugable backends such as OAuth2, Github, htpasswd, osiam"
"programming"	"Let’s Build A Simple Interpreter. Part 14: Nested Scopes and a Source-to-Source Compiler."
"programming"	"Migrating to Spark 2.0 - Part 3 : DataFrame to Dataset"
"programming"	"Office distractions could be costing your company more than $30k per high-performance employee each year"
"programming"	"Hitchhiking the HoloToolkit-Unity, Leg 14–More with Spatial Understanding"
"programming"	"Adventures in JIT compilation: Part 3 - LLVM"
"programming"	"10 Virtues that Make Node.js a Top Choice for Web Application Development"
"programming"	"triangulation with icmp pings with scala and akka"
"programming"	"Curious case of branch performance"
"programming"	"The power of integration in API-first referral marketing"
"the_donald"	"Idiotic Seattle Mayor Taxes Diet Soda Because ‘Affluent White People Drink More Of It’. Of course, liberals have solution: Put house arrest ankle bracelets on all Diet Coke products."
"the_donald"	"The 45th President of the United States. You know this website is cucked when this image is somehow controversial."
"the_donald"	"As a Doctor Who fan, now that Le Pen lost, this is the first thing I think of when I think of France today"
"the_donald"	"\"Progress\""
"the_donald"	"\"In the future we won't have any countries, humanity will unite as one, robots will work while humans get universal basic income and we will have gender equality\" - And Libtards say the alt right movement is unrealistic?!"
"the_donald"	"One of the best examples of how socialism doesn't work"
"the_donald"	"RELIGION OF PEACE - Germany: Muslim migrant murders convert from Islam to Christianity in front of her children - “Whoever changed his Islamic religion, then kill him” (Bukhari 9.84.57)."
"the_donald"	"An interesting interview by a well-articulated individual about the current state of Trump (100-Days Rally)."
"the_donald"	"REMEMBER WHEN COLBERT WAS MENTIONED 68 TIMES IN PODESTA'S PIZZAGATE EMAILS? COLBERT CONSORTS WITH PEDOPHILES"
"the_donald"	"Piers Morgan: So, the first winner of Best 'Gender Neutral' Actor was a rabid feminist woman! Quelle surprise..."
"the_donald"	"Strike Pepe down and he will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine."
"the_donald"	"“The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.” - Mark \"Pepe\" Twain."
"the_donald"	"Illegal immigration &amp; inconvenient truths - Adopt Mexican law - Crossing the border illegally into the United States is a civil infraction. But crossing the border illegally into Mexico, is a criminal offense. First offense up to two years, 10 years for a repeat offense."
"the_donald"	"RETRACTION - I put up a meme of Bernie, turned out to be BS. I found the original photo. Thanks to the u/ for alerting me to my folly (ps, both are fake)"
"the_donald"	"Can Europe Be Saved After All?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates is a patriot is a hashtag we should play along with and show them what true patriots are (Seth Rich, Breitbart)"
"the_donald"	"45 minutes of debate and this is where we ended up"
"the_donald"	"Please stop posting about the French Election"
"the_donald"	"HARAM! UK Set to Deploy Attack Dogs to Guard Parliament Against Terrorism"
"the_donald"	"France surrendered themselves to invaders again?"
"the_donald"	"I get delicious shivers reminding myself of Obama's promise to be the last president to take on healthcare. 2009 speech:"
"the_donald"	"President Trump: \"Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.\""
"the_donald"	"Senator Susan Collins of Maine says Senate going to write their own new healthcare bill. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK HAVE THEY BEEN DOING FOR 8 YEARS!!?!!!"
"the_donald"	"Is there hope for Europe after all?"
"the_donald"	"Pack it up boys, pepe is dead."
"pics"	"My son just said, 'I love money, I love rubbing it against my face so I smell like rich people.'"
"pics"	"Niether Katchup not Mustard"
"pics"	"WTF is this even supposed to mean? Do people actually click on these sponsored ads?"
"pics"	"Looking down on West 42nd Street"
"pics"	"Another crazy good pet portrait by Melissa Hamilton of TMS Art. I was shocked at how beautiful they are in person."
"pics"	"Almost killed myself with this thing."
"pics"	"Girl at the train station"
"pics"	"Avatar cave in New Zealand (they're glow worms!)"
"pics"	"Love, live life, smile, enjoy."
"pics"	"Cheesequake State Park, Matawan NJ"
"pics"	"The night sky over my backyard."
"pics"	"Rangárþing waterfall in Iceland"
"pics"	"Measure Twice, Cut Once"
"pics"	"Pic I took while at Disney"
"pics"	"Bristol Cathedral"
"pics"	"The snozzberries taste like snozzberries!"
"pics"	"Beignets at Cafe Du Monde"
"pics"	"Why I like the window seat."
"pics"	"Ah, toddlers."
"pics"	"Met this boy while touring New Zealand, he was a bit camera shy, but as a total amateur I was pleased with the result"
"pics"	"Tricky shot - I love it when everything comes together"
"pics"	"Pont d'Arc, Ardèche, France"
"pics"	"Sunset at the beach"
"pics"	"Slick looking dutch cop"
"pics"	"I took a picture of my campfire when my family was camping"
"funny"	"This is how i wake up everyday 😍"
"gaming"	"Alien Ant World"
"the_donald"	"Daily reminder to never send your kids to public school"
"askreddit"	"What small ways can you show someone you care?"
"askreddit"	"What problem did you always think you were unique in having, but suddenly realized most everyone else faces it as well?"
"askreddit"	"What songs give you actual goosebumps?"
"askreddit"	"do you think single person moving out on 1,300 pounds p/month possible. what are the expenditures to consider?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Proponents of the new GOP Health Care Bill, how does it make sense to you, and what do you say to the critics?"
"the_donald"	"Everyday I wake up in grateful that Trump is president of our country and we're not cucked like Europe. Shadilay!"
"the_donald"	"Dem Sen. Joe Manchin: No Evidence Of Collusion Between Trump Campaign And Russia"
"askreddit"	"whats something the general public is scared of because of their lack of knowledge on the subject?"
"funny"	"probably gets mixed up a lot"
"the_donald"	"Japan rejects more than 99% of refugee applications"
"the_donald"	"10 people shot during memorial for earlier Chicago death"
"askreddit"	"What is the most/worst you've done on autopilot?"
"worldnews"	"Victorious Macron joins VE Day commemorations"
"worldnews"	"Six-year-old dies after bouncy castle explodes World News"
"askreddit"	"What is something in your hobby, sport, job, etc that people often see and seems to be simple but in reality is extremely difficult?"
"the_donald"	"The debt-bubble landmine Obama left for Trump"
"pics"	"John Oliver did it again"
"worldnews"	"How Russian Kids Are Taught World War II"
"the_donald"	"Democrats lose elections because of belief America is flawed"
"askreddit"	"Where does the phrase\" I'd give my left ball for her\" comes from? Why not the right bullock? Who came up with this phrase?"
"the_donald"	"Sally who?"
"askreddit"	"Canadians, what are the downsides of living in Canada?"
"funny"	"Matt Lucas even funnier when doing Geordie Jumper outtakes!"
"pics"	"You sure did, buddy. This is from an English test btw. Can't make that shit up."
"askreddit"	"When does a hobby go too far?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Castrated men of reddit, how does having no testicles affect your life? How do you experience love and relationships? Is your overall motivation for everyday tasks affected?"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest lie you ever learned from Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"At home workers, how did you find your job working from home and does it pay off to work from home?"
"askreddit"	"How long have you been on reddit ?And what changes did you see in its history ?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite movie bromance?"
"askreddit"	"How many upvotes can this post get?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest accomplishment in your life so far?"
"the_donald"	"Sally who?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who get full body massages, do you prefer the masseuse be yours or the opposite sex?"
"funny"	"Think I'll stop in for a spell..."
"gaming"	"Zelda: Botw - Water color (OC)"
"the_donald"	"Bill Clinton the rapist is co writing a book with James Patterson."
"askreddit"	"How many of you dont drink alcohol and why?"
"the_donald"	"British PM's Failure At Curbing Immigration"
"askreddit"	"What's your favourite youtube channels to subscribe to?"
"askreddit"	"What is the dumbest thing you did while injuring yourself in the process?"
"the_donald"	"Big Social Media is a House of Cards Built on Fake Bot Accounts"
"askreddit"	"People who have flown internationally what's your interesting or nightmare story?"
"askreddit"	"What are some secrets about you that no one in your family knows?"
"askreddit"	"Horse Girls of Reddit, why are all of you so crazy?"
"askreddit"	"What songs become better when made acoustic?"
"askreddit"	"Given the recent decline in the quality of content, what are some good alternatives to r/creepy?"
"worldnews"	"Turkey's first national air-to-air missiles to be showcased at IDEF 2017"
"the_donald"	"ISIS Tells Jihadists To Attack U.S. Gun Store Owners As Way To Acquire Firearms"
"askreddit"	"What small thing does that one person do that annoys you but you just let it go because you know deep down it's you and you'd be the jerk for sale something?"
"askreddit"	"What's a good deed that you did today(or over the weekend)?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you believe the earth is flat?"
"the_donald"	"Consider that Putin didn't influence the election."
"gaming"	"How true?"
"askreddit"	"What gets way too much credit for being good just because it's old?"
"funny"	"Smile if your happy :) and share the love."
"askreddit"	"Railroad engineers and workers of Reddit, what is the most freighting/interesting thing that has happen to you?"
"askreddit"	"How did someone else ruin a movie for you when watching it at the cinema?"
"the_donald"	"Elitist George Will joins MSNBC - where he belongs!"
"the_donald"	"Bimbo with big glasses, Maggie Haberman, says it's \"dangerous\" and \"ignorant\" to think a deal could have prevented Civil War. Doesn't realize there were endless dialogue, negotiations and debate trying to prevent War Between the States."
"askreddit"	"Reddit - What is your dream job, and why?"
"the_donald"	"En Marche/En Mange!"
"the_donald"	"Senate will vote on Bill"
"askreddit"	"People without hobbies, how do you spend your time outside of work/school?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to learn a new language?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of the Poconos?"
"gaming"	"Can't wait for TLOU2"
"worldnews"	"Turkey to build wall on Turkish-Iranian border."
"the_donald"	"It's f**ked up that we live in a world where the people running for President that love their country the most, and want to preserve it, are labeled fascists."
"pics"	"my mexican wife from when i was a summer camp counselor in training. [oc]"
"askreddit"	"if you was white how would you drink milk?"
"funny"	"Cat Imitates Toast Coming Out of The Toaster"
"worldnews"	"Revenge porn: Image-based abuse hits 'one in five' Australians - BBC News"
"pics"	"My grandparents 58 years ago and today"
"askreddit"	"Why is college bullshit?"
"programming"	"A Beginner's Guide to Neural Networks in Python and SciKit Learn 0.18"
"the_donald"	"Know the difference"
"askreddit"	"What is the most memorable words you ever heard from someone?"
"worldnews"	"Pyongyang University of Science and Technology: 2 U.S. Employees Detained"
"the_donald"	"#EnMarche!/#EnMange!"
"the_donald"	"FAST, PEDES! I need a picture of a macaroon with a crescent and star (or some Islamic symbol) for the good of Kek"
"pics"	"Hi! Good morning! Just here for my breakfast porridge."
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing about you?"
"worldnews"	"Global investors with $15trn in assets urge Trump to stand by Paris agreement"
"the_donald"	"Who do you trust more? We need your vote!!!!"
"askreddit"	"If everybody in the world would get 1 kilo of any matter, what would you pick?"
"askreddit"	"who's the unnamed hero that you know or have seen?"
"programming"	"IBM says remote working is great… after forcing employees to work from office"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People of reddit how did you revive your sex life?"
"askreddit"	"What is a single lyric from a song that makes it great?"
"askreddit"	"Bartenders, what is your craziest bar story?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] So who else got locked in closets by teachers, and had penis inspection day?"
"funny"	"Young generation embracing the future of electric cars!"
"the_donald"	"Balls!"
"the_donald"	"Canadian senate passes bill that removes right to revoke citizenship from terrorists"
"pics"	"Lucky 7s. (Even though I almost ruined it by wanting to make it 17.50. Damn OCD)"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo: U.S. 'Desperately Needs' Trump's Immigration Plan"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW]What, in your sex life, did you feel proud about, but later on are embarrassed to even Think about?"
"the_donald"	"\"TEAR DOWN those Racist Confederate Statues in New Orleans!\" says the Person who Voted for Margaret Sanger Award Winner Hillary Clinton and Supports Planned Parenthood"
"the_donald"	"You can taste the bitterness..."
"askreddit"	"What Hollywood director is treated as a genius but, in your mind, very overrated?"
"askreddit"	"What frustrating cycle in your life can you not seem to break?"
"the_donald"	"Giving karma to your fellow 'pedes like..."
"askreddit"	"Music lovers of reddit, what are some must-listen to albums between 2000 and present day?"
"askreddit"	"Where do men (late 20s to mid 30s) get clothes without breaking the bank?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most embarrassing thing your parents have done in front of you?"
"askreddit"	"Who's your first TV/motion picture love?"
"the_donald"	"Open Borders Lobby Demands End to Deporting Criminals"
"pics"	"abandoned hospital hallway , pretty eerie UrbexCarlo"
"askreddit"	"What happened on your Bachelor/Bachelorette party that you would never tell your SO about?"
"the_donald"	"Clinton and Obama are manipulative cowards,"
"the_donald"	"PLEASE STOP FLOODING THIS SUB WITH FRENCH ELECTION BULLSHIT"
"funny"	"*Tips fedora* M'Lady"
"askreddit"	"What is a bad habit you have tried to quit but have failed to do so?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest thing your SO has lied to you about, which you ended up forgiving them for?"
"funny"	"These korean girls show the typical reaction I get when I drop my pants"
"the_donald"	"Illinois cuts disabled kids' aid to pay illegals' Medicaid"
"the_donald"	"Big Surprise: Hillary Clinton Makes French Election All About Her"
"pics"	"My indoor cat and I went on an expedition this weekend."
"the_donald"	"Happy VE DAY Pede's! Always remember how the world united in victory against a common enemy. And those who sacrificed it all for it!!"
"the_donald"	"...and so it begins."
"askreddit"	"What Memory, Learning, or (self) mind manipulation and enhancement training or techniques do you use?"
"askreddit"	"Call Center workers of Reddit, what is the stupidest thing a customer has ever asked you?"
"worldnews"	"Emmanuel Macron: Tough task ahead after victory in France - BBC News"
"pics"	"A rather photogenic cat"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst hotel experience you've ever had?"
"worldnews"	"Quebec floodwaters soon expected to peak."
"the_donald"	"Tehran was once known as the \"Paris of the Middle East\" - Now Paris will see the same fate..."
"the_donald"	"Eric Erickson declares that \"Fox News is no longer bedrock for conservatives.\" Where have you been the last 10 years, Eric? You just noticed that?"
"the_donald"	"Biased Fake News channel CNN Corespondent Christiane Amanpour dances to Macron's victory."
"askreddit"	"People who refuse to use turn signals, why do you do it and why do you hate others?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best intro to a videogame?"
"askreddit"	"What's the toughest decision you ever had to take, and what were the consequences?"
"the_donald"	"HIS NAME WAS HARRISON BROWN AND HE WILL NOT BE FORGOTTEN"
"pics"	"The view from the flight deck at 39,000ft looks like we're in orbit"
"askreddit"	"What was the saddest death in any fictional universe?"
"askreddit"	"What is your strangest/most interesting story from your family history?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Flat-Earthers of Reddit, what's your reasoning?"
"funny"	"It said \"one size fits all\" and I called bullshit... I owe cvs an apology."
"askreddit"	"In your personal experience what have been some of the best traveling jobs that offer a decent living?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What did you have to find out on your own because your doctors were terrible?"
"askreddit"	"Which incident you don't want to remember?"
"askreddit"	"What fabulous fun did you have this weekend?"
"the_donald"	"\"How a Gawker-Affiliated Website Made ESPN Politically Correct\" ... \"It’s a massive symbol of everything that fueled Donald Trump’s bid for the presidency.\""
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Donald Trump supporters, Who would you like to support in 2024?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite movie or TV show makeout scene?"
"askreddit"	"Gamers of Reddit who is the whiniest person you ever played against?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe has information that will lead to Hillary Clinton's arrest"
"pics"	"I've had a great start to my Monday so far..."
"askreddit"	"People whomst work retail, do you suffer depression and anxiety, why?"
"askreddit"	"What's your biggest pet peeve in the gym?"
"funny"	"This guy looks like hes trying to figure out what the fuck he's holding"
"the_donald"	"Liberal writer finds woman's place is islam."
"askreddit"	"If all your office supplies came to life, which would you get along with the best?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton tweeting about \"defeating those who interfere with democracy\""
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates major in college: Journalism Is anyone surprised?"
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest thing you've ever heard your grandparents say?"
"askreddit"	"What are reasons people should not have children?"
"the_donald"	"PRESIDENT Trump, not Mr. Trump or Trump"
"askreddit"	"If reddit and 4chan entered a troll contest. Who would win?"
"the_donald"	"Jobs Jobs Jobs!"
"the_donald"	"What do you think about this video?"
"askreddit"	"What's your reason to get out of of bed in the morning?"
"the_donald"	"Abhorrent Planned Parenthood sending their goons out!"
"the_donald"	"Too much?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite post/comment in your 'saved' list?"
"funny"	"Guess who got his own show?"
"funny"	"MY DARLING I WATCH RICK AND MORTY AND MAKE MEMES"
"gaming"	"Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven Stream"
"the_donald"	"DELUSIONAL HILLARY AT IT AGAIN"
"the_donald"	"Lavrov is coming to meet Tillerson on Wednesday. Andrea Mitchell, you better mind your manners this time."
"pics"	"Black Panther (photo: Brad Wilson)."
"askreddit"	"Your life is in the hands of a stranger. How would you convince them that you are worth sparing?"
"funny"	"Believe me, that is Brazil..."
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates major in college: Journalism. Is anyone surprised?"
"askreddit"	"When do you know that your therapist sucks?"
"funny"	"High Times - What is a Fidget spinner ?"
"the_donald"	"Breaking news! Maxine Waters has officially changed parties...no longer a Democrat!"
"askreddit"	"What would be some things listed on your comedic/brutally honest resume?"
"funny"	"Doggo gets woke"
"askreddit"	"Why would The Police want to patrol school closing hours?"
"gaming"	"Nothing beats the beauty of Skyrim."
"the_donald"	"Good luck to the cheese-eating surrender monkeys"
"the_donald"	"Andrea Mitchell opened Meet the Press yesterday by admitting 'Trump got healthcare through the house, a week after so many were saying it was dead, proving people wrong once again' - I'd call that progress!"
"pics"	"Kayaking in Cat Ba, Vietnam"
"askreddit"	"any currently or previously long term unemployed? if so why?"
"funny"	"Believe in yourself"
"the_donald"	"Daddy's New \"Tough on Crime\" Friend Amal Will Soon Be Joining the 6th Circuit!"
"askreddit"	"Looking to buy a whetstone for mostly kitchen and a few fishing knives. What would a good grit combination be/ good place to buy one?"
"askreddit"	"Those who fell for scams, what happened?"
"the_donald"	"Having a double-double with Antifa in Toronto, Canada"
"the_donald"	"Really makes you think"
"funny"	"I feel ya WaffleGod"
"gaming"	"QUICK HELP!"
"the_donald"	"Macaroni and his wife wrote this song about their totally normal relationship."
"the_donald"	"SlavRight Jack BTFO's BBC"
"funny"	"Tell your girlfriend not to leave the house today"
"the_donald"	"Single Payer Healthcare, just try it"
"pics"	"Believe me, that is Brazil..."
"funny"	"Bank made a mistake and sent me 1 cent by mail"
"worldnews"	"Emmanuel Macron labelled 'psychopath who hates France' in Russian media"
"the_donald"	"LOW ENERGY, Claims Pepe is Dead"
"askreddit"	"Servers/Bartenders of Reddit: Has a guest ever gotten angry/violent with you after \"cutting them off\"? If so, how did it go?"
"the_donald"	"I don't support Trump, but if you censor me you are as bad as any SJW."
"the_donald"	"Eat up France!"
"askreddit"	"Drivers for uber and lift, what are your weirdest stories of passengers you've picked up?"
"worldnews"	"'7,000 bodies buried' beneath Mississippi university - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"REKTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT'T"
"askreddit"	"What is the story of the birds and the bees and what does it have to do with sex?"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"askreddit"	"You suddenly die but the afterlife rejects you and appoints you a house to haunt. What type of ghost would you be? How would you act?"
"askreddit"	"If you could have a website made for you, no bamboozles, what would the site be for?"
"worldnews"	"After hard-left turn under Jeremy Corbyn, Britain's Labour Party on course for historic defeat"
"pics"	"Super Mario phone case sticker"
"funny"	"Wonder if Rick &amp; Morty have been here.."
"the_donald"	"22% of Millennial divorces caused by Trump"
"askreddit"	"If WW3 broke out with weaponry that only existed in the post-classical history, what would happen?"
"askreddit"	"If you grew up speaking spanish and english, how do your thoughts sound or are they in spanglish?"
"askreddit"	"What song would make anyone cry?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most Romantic thing you've ever done or had done for you?"
"funny"	"Is Jerry Lewis the Anti-Christ?"
"askreddit"	"Neurodivergents of reddit, what's the most frustrating aspect of your mental illness/disorder (bonus points if it's something people wouldn't expect)?"
"funny"	"The seagulls hated this particular lady, for some reason."
"gaming"	"A nice picture with a fitting title. Now that's a heavy lift! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
"funny"	"\"ButGas: The Gas Nearest To You\""
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to learn a new language? How did you learn another language, and what was your reason?"
"askreddit"	"Drivers for Uber and Lyft, what are your weirdest passenger stories?"
"askreddit"	"if you could live in at a place of your choice, no visa, no formalities, where would you want to live?"
"the_donald"	"I am warrior! I am real hard!"
"askreddit"	"What if they shut down reddit?"
"gaming"	"Need some computer expert or something"
"the_donald"	"The most Depressing Video you'll ever watch. France is dead. There is no saving it. Mourn for it if you want, but France has been cucked beyond repair."
"pics"	"Spring colours and a donut🍩"
"askreddit"	"What are your​ favorite puns?"
"funny"	"This Guy Can’t Stop Photoshopping Himself Into Kendall Jenner’s Instagram Pics"
"the_donald"	"Global Warming Update: Denver Cancels Last Saturday's Global Warming March After Storm Dumps Foot of Snow. #climatechange #MAGA"
"askreddit"	"The removing of net neutrality how big of a chance is it that it acutely happens?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What were the best stories/ fairy tales/ creation mythos/ morality lessons/ history /etc you were told or read growing up?"
"funny"	"Happily ever after."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People with linguistics degrees, what do you do and how much do you make?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the worst place to run into someone you know?"
"askreddit"	"What was the very first fight with your SO about? What was the outcome?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst car passenger you ever had?"
"the_donald"	"Emmanuel Marcon and Angela Merkel walk into a bar"
"pics"	"Textbook definition of lane placement"
"pics"	"Great way to spend an afternoon. Pano of a small pond near a trail in SE Alaska."
"askreddit"	"You are given the power to pass 1 law in Congress with no opposition from anyone. What law do you pass?"
"askreddit"	"Do astronauts get carried from their space ship upon landing on Earth ? How quickly after landing are they walking on their own legs again ?"
"the_donald"	"It didn't work out as some Remainers thought"
"funny"	"When your having a really shit news day!"
"askreddit"	"Dear Reddit, what is the bigger lie you have told an interviewer when trying to get a job?"
"pics"	"To the heavens"
"askreddit"	"Redditors whose /u/ is PM_ME_(boobs, animal pictures, etc...), how successful has this been for you?"
"funny"	"I was trying to figure out what a certain kind of stones were for..."
"the_donald"	"We got brigaged yesterday and gained 1k subscribers, seems like some got accidentally redpilled."
"askreddit"	"As an ordinary citizen, what would be some of the cons of a \"one world government\"?"
"gaming"	"I am ready. I have to hold onto £50 on my Steam account for a month. It's harder than it looks."
"pics"	"Love, live life, smile, enjoy."
"askreddit"	"So now that all your rights have been trampled, what do your tailor-made commercials say about you?"
"askreddit"	"What can birds possibly be talking about all day long?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the most awkward place to run into someone you know?"
"askreddit"	"What's your most popular post?"
"the_donald"	"@POTUS: Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel."
"pics"	"[OC] These two ladies enjoying the beach weather."
"askreddit"	"Bisexual people of Reddit, do you do anything different when trying to attract someone of the same sex versus the opposite sex?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Doctors of Reddit, what is the one medication you would never take yourself and why?"
"programming"	"The Hitchhiker's Guide to AWS ECS and Docker"
"askreddit"	"What are some interesting gifts to get for your parents?"
"askreddit"	"Doctors of Reddit, what is the funniest question or misconception about the human body you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"Why do Europeans hate the British?"
"gaming"	"Would anyone play a WW2 FPS from a different perspective?"
"the_donald"	"Let's make this clean T_D was trying to help France, but at the end of the day France is the one that lost. The_Donald has been winning nonstop since Nov 8th!"
"pics"	"Bansky's latest work appeared in Bristol, UK."
"the_donald"	"Tone-Deaf Hillary Clinton Forms Super PAC in Order to Become ‘Part of the Resistance’"
"pics"	"Isle of Skye, Scotland. [OC]"
"pics"	"Le Pen supporters protesting and rioting in denial of the french elections."
"askreddit"	"What scene tore on your heartstrings like the scene in Game of Thrones, \"Hold the door!\""
"askreddit"	"Police force of Reddit what was the worst situation you've ever been in on the job?"
"askreddit"	"What were you thinking of just before you clicked on this post?"
"askreddit"	"What's your reason to get out of bed in the morning?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the fondest memories from your LAN parties back in the days?"
"funny"	"Random graffiti I found in Germany"
"gaming"	"RIDING THE RAILS TO RIGA | Metro 2033 Redux Part 2"
"askreddit"	"Those who work the late night shifts, how do you balance between work and exercising?"
"askreddit"	"What celebrity do you think has a secret Reddit account?"
"gaming"	"I was studying this map, when I realised there was a town that needed me!"
"the_donald"	"Let's make this clear T_D was trying to help France, but at the end of the day France is the one that lost. The_Donald has been winning nonstop since Nov 8th!"
"the_donald"	"Explain healthcare to me like I'm 5 years old."
"askreddit"	"What is your go-to treatment for the dreaded seasonal allergies?"
"gaming"	"Who's ready for freaking Fortnite to come out?!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are you personally doing to make the world a better place?"
"worldnews"	"Donald Trump impeachment probe resolution passed by Los Angeles council"
"the_donald"	"UK right now"
"askreddit"	"What are some of your catchphrases/activities that always work in breaking the ice between you and other strangers?"
"the_donald"	"O'Bongo Fired Gen. Flynn, Who Told O'Bongo that Supporting ISIS Was Inadvisable"
"askreddit"	"When you die, what do you want to happen with your body?"
"worldnews"	"Putin calls on Macron to ‘overcome mutual mistrust’"
"askreddit"	"What is the pettiest reason you have/ you would break up with someone?"
"the_donald"	"Macron's first major construction project as president"
"the_donald"	"🇺🇸👌🏼🐸🌶 &gt; 🍕🌭🌰🇪🇺"
"askreddit"	"People for gun control, why are you for it?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your most favorite comedian?"
"the_donald"	"Do you like Tucker? Of course you do."
"the_donald"	"France is lost and Europe with it. The only thing we can do is make sure we are strong and powerful enough to save them when the time comes, and it will come. THIS IS WHY WE ARE HERE - WE ARE HERE TO MAGA!!"
"the_donald"	"imgur is not working. I don't pay attention to how many are upvoting me. I multiply the number by 1,000."
"pics"	"My Siamese kitty, Stella🐱"
"the_donald"	"Important Reminder: EU globalists want to throw Le Pen in jail for tweeting ISIS photos."
"the_donald"	"Just got banned from r/redacted for posting the link to the wikipedia list of Islamic terrorist attacks. Leftist cucks hate reality. Sad!"
"the_donald"	"I've been waiting so long"
"askreddit"	"What's a cheap yet enjoyable hobby?"
"askreddit"	"Laboratory workers of Reddit: have you ever witnessed a fistfight break out between people (coworkers or otherwise) in the lab? If so, what happened?"
"askreddit"	"Swedes of Reddit, What's your opinion on the King and the monarchy in general?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you laughed and why?"
"worldnews"	"Emmanuel Macron: What world leaders said - and what they think - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"Quick history lesson. There has never been a single battle of an Islamic army vs a Christian army that has sustained less than 100 to 1 casualties. I will fear you when you have over 30 billion people. Christians and Jews are waking up."
"askreddit"	"What will happen when we run out of burial space for dead people?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is the weirdest subreddit you have ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"Archer watchers of Reddit, what's your best \"Phrasing\" moment?"
"funny"	"Tinder Profile Photo."
"askreddit"	"The Blue Fairy turns your pet into a real human. How old is he/she? What would you deal this situation?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most subtle way to fuck with someone?"
"the_donald"	"Did Obama violate the emoluments clause?"
"the_donald"	"MRW I remember Donald Trump is the 45th President of the United States."
"askreddit"	"1 Feather vs 1 pebble - Assuming the same weight, which hits the ground first &amp; how do you factor in variables?"
"askreddit"	"What can you do to cheer someone up?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who spend time in seclusion (camping, hiking, etc.) What is the creepiest/scary/suspicious thing you have witnessed?"
"worldnews"	"Philippines drug war under fire at UN rights council"
"askreddit"	"What's the best (or worst) piece of live television you've ever witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"What secret does your friend/spouse/kid/parent/boss think they're keeping from you?"
"askreddit"	"What video best summarizes the science behind and the effects of climate change?"
"gaming"	"Arcade group promises ticket and claw games will no longer be \"rigged\""
"worldnews"	"LGBTQ+ Youtube Restricted mode"
"askreddit"	"What would you do with two months of free time but no money?"
"askreddit"	"What can someone say to you to instantly make them your friend?"
"the_donald"	"Shower though...Are there trades schools for Mosque construction?"
"the_donald"	"Jose Antonio Vargas - Why hasn't this man been detained by ICE yet?"
"askreddit"	"You can make any movie you like but only on the condition that you have to remake/reboot your favourite film first. What is it and how do you do it so it doesn't turn out shit?"
"funny"	"Intellectual ways to pleasure oneself"
"gaming"	"Take your time, Psycho"
"askreddit"	"What majors are actually useful for life?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Parents of Reddit, what is the new \"thing\" your children keep asking you to get for them?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People of reddit, what's your weirdest experience with a Lyft/Uber driver?"
"pics"	"Prom night show down"
"askreddit"	"Believers and nonbelievers, assume there's a God! Is S/He kind, cruel, or indifferent? Why?"
"worldnews"	"Senior Lib Dems urge pro-Remain collaboration"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what one thing will cause you to end a relationship immediately?"
"funny"	"\"Stormzy Fan Art\""
"the_donald"	"spicy new Ben Garrison"
"the_donald"	"I don't carrot all about France. All I wanna do is..."
"the_donald"	"So where are the leatherface vs Melania memes? I'll make one tonight"
"the_donald"	"\"I see dead Pepes\""
"the_donald"	"The real domino effect"
"askreddit"	"What are some punny names for a cardboard boat?"
"funny"	"Its all about satisfaction at work"
"gaming"	"Take your time, Psycho"
"the_donald"	"Texas gonna kick ass again! SB1018 would exempt all immigrant detention centers in the state from having to comply with juvenile housing regulations. Liberal judges BTFO!! 'Merica!"
"the_donald"	"Checkmate."
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite variations on \"4D Chess?\""
"the_donald"	"They don't call them that for nothing"
"pics"	"Wonderful Clouds"
"askreddit"	"How long did it take to learn spelling'appropriate' for u?"
"askreddit"	"What are your best tips for dealing with stress?"
"the_donald"	"*** WHITE MALE TRUMP SUPPORTER BEATED BY PEACEFUL BLACKS*** This is not a hate crime."
"the_donald"	"Are there any decent alternatives to Reddit? Reddit has changed drastically in the past several months and I think it's obvious to most people. Hell, this is the only place I can even ask this question without it being downvoted to oblivion."
"the_donald"	"Obama is speaking on Climate Change in Italy. Another $400,000 to predict the weather tomorrow!"
"pics"	"I managed to capture a shooting star, the aurora borealis, and the glow from the setting sun all in one photo from Dettifoss in Iceland"
"askreddit"	"Barber's of Reddit: Who's the most famous person to sit in your chair?"
"funny"	"Take your time, Psycho"
"the_donald"	"I can't hear you with all that non fascist noise the_donald_duck"
"the_donald"	"175 People Suing VERY FAKE NEWS CNN For Racial Discrimination. The complaint cites African-American employees have endured slurs from superiors, including \"It's hard to manage black people\" and \"Who would be worth more: black slaves from times past, or new slaves?\""
"askreddit"	"What do most people accept as fact that actually isn't true?"
"askreddit"	"What was your favorite pet and what made them awesome?"
"askreddit"	"What small thing makes a big difference?"
"pics"	"Ringling Bros. Final goodbye to the Greatest Show on Earth."
"pics"	"Dusk..."
"askreddit"	"What was the most naive thing you did in your first year of reddit?"
"the_donald"	"She couldn't resist giving away her supporters private information."
"askreddit"	"People who plan to never marry, why and when did you make this decision?"
"funny"	"Naked man plays cello"
"the_donald"	"Just a photo of 2 winners"
"the_donald"	"Paris simulator 2018"
"the_donald"	"Thanks France. Because you're total cowards the US, UK and Russia are gonna have to save your sorry asses. Pathetic."
"the_donald"	"Pepe Creator angry at Alt-Rt because we co-opted Pepe. We're angry that left co-opt language and culture. We're not done."
"the_donald"	"WALK TOWARD THE LIGHT, PEPE!"
"the_donald"	"Link to Macaron's official victory speech..."
"the_donald"	"Just a reminder the leftist global view in order to stay relevant, because they offer you nothing must have an agenda that is pushed through fear mongering i.e. global warming, global cooling, climate change, pipelines, healthcare cause 20million will die etc... etc"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What percentage of people find men's testicles attractive? NSFW"
"askreddit"	"What small thing does that one person do that annoys you but you just let it go because you know deep down it's you and you'd be the jerk for saying something?"
"askreddit"	"You wake up and it's the year 3017. You run outside. What do you say to the first person you meet?"
"askreddit"	"What sort of sense of humor do you have?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why do some people talk badly about their previous partners and the times they genuinely enjoyed in each-other's company?"
"askreddit"	"If NPCs had thoughts, what do you think they would be?"
"askreddit"	"Graduation is upon us. Graduates, what was your most memorable college experience?"
"the_donald"	"TOWARD THE LIGHT, SWEET PRINCE!"
"the_donald"	"A NEW GENDER HAS BEEN FOUND IN FRANCE"
"askreddit"	"Dear mental health workers of reddit, what can someone going to study in that field look up to?"
"funny"	"I want to live in the parallel universe, where this is considered fancy"
"gaming"	"GOOFING IN THE MARKET | Metro 2033 Redux Part 3"
"the_donald"	"Saw this on r/MURICA, and felt like it belonged here"
"pics"	"My kitty!🐱"
"the_donald"	"My reaction to Le Pen's loss..."
"the_donald"	"Imagine that, crimes can be committed without \"intent\"....\"Causing another person's death through reckless behavior, or in the commission of another crime but without intent\""
"pics"	"First picture with a ND filter"
"askreddit"	"Be they funny, sad, interesting, covering any topic - Whatever. What are some of your favourite articles?"
"the_donald"	"Video of Marine Le Pen saying \"France will be lead by a woman, me or Merkel\" (subtitles)"
"the_donald"	"Bibi knows who Fuhrer Merkel is. Germany has taken France, again."
"askreddit"	"People who fall asleep first, what's the weirdest thing someone have done to you while you were asleep?"
"the_donald"	"Ain't you heard? There's a war on!"
"the_donald"	"Arrested Muslim \"threatening to rape and murder prison guards in the name of Allah\""
"gaming"	"Assassin's Creed 3 Alternate Ending"
"askreddit"	"Former camera film developers of Reddit, before the age of digital cameras what was the weirdest thing you saw in a picture?"
"askreddit"	"What was the biggest waste of time in history?"
"the_donald"	"Sen. Susan Collins of Maine says Senate will start from scratch writing their \"own\" healthcare bill. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK HAVE THEY BEEN DOING FOR EIGHT YEARS!!?!??!?!"
"askreddit"	"Brexitters of Reddit: what ignorant things do Remainers say and get away with?"
"askreddit"	"What video game has the most replayability?"
"the_donald"	"Can we please stop talking about the French election now? It's over, she lost. We need to get back to the fact that Trump was spied on by a former president"
"the_donald"	"'''Refugees''' paid for voting in the election of the main leftist party in Italy"
"the_donald"	"EPISODE 26: HELLO LEFTOVER BRIGADERS, COME HERE OFTEN?(rerun!!)"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite home remedy?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best paid jobs that don't involve wearing suits?"
"askreddit"	"Who can't you forgive?"
"the_donald"	"ANTIFA's REAL LOGO. Explains why they act so much like Nazis."
"askreddit"	"Why is the American education system so terrible?"
"funny"	"The google and bing car that passed each other while recording -- from the other side"
"askreddit"	"What's a really good fantasy, sci-fi, or mystery book?"
"the_donald"	"Texas Governor Signs Bill To Fight Sanctuary Cities; Threatens Cops With Prison - Good!"
"the_donald"	"The new French flag."
"gaming"	"What was this Blackberry game's name?"
"worldnews"	"Trust in Duterte remains 'Excellent' in first quarter of 2017"
"the_donald"	"RARE: FAKE WAPO TELLS CROOKED HILLARY SHE'S WRONG!"
"the_donald"	"Personally Believe that We are All Being Haunted by Downvote Bots"
"pics"	"My first pic here, hope you like it!"
"askreddit"	"How do the younger generations of Americans view guns and gun crime?"
"gaming"	"And the award goes to..."
"the_donald"	"Hillary just spotted! She is out of the woods..."
"askreddit"	"What is the worst story you've heard about yourself but don't remember due to being drunk?"
"the_donald"	"Watch Live: French Activists, Unions Clash With Riot Police In First Anti-Macron Protest / Too all the cucks who voted for that prick, have fun suckers!"
"askreddit"	"What people from history would be devastated if they came back today?"
"askreddit"	"The Blue Fairy turns your pet into a real human. How old is he/she? How would you deal with this situation?"
"askreddit"	"Former homeless of Reddit, what was it truly like to be homeless? How did you get there and how did you get out?"
"funny"	"This made my day, it's fucking fabulous"
"funny"	"I'm looking for my dog"
"the_donald"	"Comey: 'But he just printed the emails i don't believe he read them'"
"the_donald"	"Hey Mods, enough about France."
"askreddit"	"What phrase have you heard that sounds better out of context than in?"
"the_donald"	"MFW Pepe's life has only just begun."
"askreddit"	"If you ran for President, what issues would you focus on?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most hypocrite thing you know of?"
"pics"	"Text convo with my crush. Think she's in to me?"
"funny"	"Well, at least they tried"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Colbert to be axed from CBS, replaced by new game show."
"askreddit"	"What acts of social unawareness frustrate you the most?"
"askreddit"	"How do you get your girlfriend to shower?"
"the_donald"	"Trump: \"Because you'd be in jail\"..."
"askreddit"	"What's something that looks good on paper, but doesn't actually work?"
"gaming"	"Dead Island 2 is still alive!"
"askreddit"	"Medical examiners, why did you choose your profession?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what's the one thing you absentmindedly hum?"
"worldnews"	"Cuba Holds First Ever Mass with Transgender Pastors"
"funny"	"The Friend Zone"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have their dog on a human food diet, what do you feed them, and what changes have you noticed, if any?"
"askreddit"	"Why would the conservatives have an habitual obsession with The Police?"
"askreddit"	"What is a job you have that most people haven't heard about?"
"the_donald"	"(21 Jan 13) - Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!"
"askreddit"	"What song is currently stuck in your head?"
"the_donald"	"I remember Berlin Airlift, 1948-1949. We commence massive Paris Airlift to support our Marine in Paris! We don't leave our Resistance Marine behind. Vivez longtemps la résistance!"
"the_donald"	"Steam Game for Pedes,by Pedes needs funding!"
"askreddit"	"What is your local urban legend or unsolved mystery?"
"the_donald"	"BASED PIERS: \"It's a pity there's no award for the most pompous, politically-correct personality on the planet because Emma Watson would be shoe-in, whatever gender she claims to be\""
"the_donald"	"Former UN Adviser Defends Female Genital Mutilation as ‘Gender-Egalitarian Surgery’--World Health Organization and the United Nations consider the practice a violation of human rights, designed to control and degrade women."
"askreddit"	"Ex assholes of reddit, what made you change?"
"the_donald"	"SIGH time to start making these again"
"askreddit"	"Why does Facebook notify me such stressful nonsense?"
"the_donald"	"Styx: Legacy Media Persists in Fixating on Trump's Pre-Political Investment Deals"
"the_donald"	"Italian TV reporter assaulted while covering arrival of refugees"
"askreddit"	"What video game sequel was far inferior to its predecessor?"
"the_donald"	"I don't pay attention to how many are upvoting me in r/The_Donald. I multiply the number by 1,000."
"askreddit"	"What's one quote that describes your favorite show?"
"askreddit"	"What do you hate about having houseguests?"
"gaming"	"What do you Think About Asus rog gr8 II"
"askreddit"	"Which protagonist should have died at the end of their series?"
"askreddit"	"What are some 5 interesting random facts about yourself?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What are some tips for purchasing an engagement ring?"
"funny"	"And the emo of the year award goes to..."
"askreddit"	"What is your most embarrassing sex story?"
"funny"	"I have been a little backed up lately..."
"the_donald"	"Emmanuel Macron unveils plans to slash taxes and public sector jobs"
"askreddit"	"Why is there a disproportionate amount of companies with \"and sons\" in their name compared to \"and daughters\"?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you used soy sauce?"
"askreddit"	"Which celebrity's offspring is your crush?"
"the_donald"	"Trump started world war III..."
"askreddit"	"What is your \"God always answers\" story?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to mess with someone on an elevator?"
"askreddit"	"What NSFW questions do men have about women, but are too embarrassed to ask?"
"the_donald"	"MORE POWERFUL THAN YOU CAN POSSIBLY IMAGINE!"
"askreddit"	"How can reduce my appetite?"
"askreddit"	"Drive through workers of Reddit, what kind of customers or gestures of customers do you like in that brief period of interaction?"
"funny"	"Boy doesn't see window while playing basketball"
"the_donald"	"STRIKE ME DOWN..."
"pics"	"That's an oddly specific service to provide"
"funny"	"How do you get the attention of most of the Middle-East"
"worldnews"	"Putin congratulates Macron, wishing him ‘strong health’"
"the_donald"	"Sigmar Gabriel: Macron win means Germany must ‘do more’ for EU - Please don't Germany. It always ends badly for you"
"the_donald"	"I've noticed that my posts in many other subs have stopped showing up. I guess I'm shadow-banned for being a Trump supporter. Reddit has become so pathetic in the past year. They should be embarrassed."
"askreddit"	"What unanswered question from a movie or TV show still drives you crazy?"
"askreddit"	"You wake up and it's the year 3017. You run outside. What do you say to the first person you meet?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, why does the smoke weed?"
"the_donald"	"Police injured by French leftists pre-election:6"
"askreddit"	"Cheaters of reddit, how do you keep it a secret from your SO? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"Engineer students of Reddit, what is something you wish you were told before your freshman year?"
"the_donald"	"RARE PENCE PEPE. PLS DO NOT SHARE."
"pics"	"We found this snake on a walk yesterday. When we were looking through the pictures we realized there are actually two"
"askreddit"	"What are some words that make you sound smart?"
"funny"	"When he starts yelling too many instructions during sex..."
"funny"	"His face matches the charge."
"the_donald"	"BOOM! Trump Alleges Hillary Lackey Sally Yates Leaked Classified Info to Liberal Media"
"askreddit"	"How do you keep your sanity with all that is happening in the world right now ?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless thing you're good at?"
"askreddit"	"what is your biggest regret / thing you wish you did differently?"
"askreddit"	"Dentist patients of reddit: What's the craziest story that you've told your dentist whilst being worked on?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most frustrating thing to try and teach another person?"
"the_donald"	"Somalia"
"askreddit"	"Those of you who are set to inherit a lot of money when your parents or relatives pass, how has it affected your life or plans for the future?"
"askreddit"	"Why do weeds grow faster as opposed to anything else?"
"askreddit"	"You are sentenced to death and request a Trial By Combat, who is your champion?"
"askreddit"	"What is your weird talent, and how did you discover it?"
"askreddit"	"If you could live anyone else's life, who would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"Current employers, what are some things you have seen people do in interviews that made you not want to hire them?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People of Reddit who used to be members of hate groups or who held bigoted beliefs, what was the catalyst for those beliefs? What caused you to change your views? What would you say to others who share similar beliefs as you once did?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you happy?"
"pics"	"Original Hollywood sign. 1925"
"the_donald"	"Ultra Rare OC Do NOT Share - Pepe's Kids"
"the_donald"	"This is a MUST-SEE video. Andrew Breitbart called this \"One of the five most important conservative speeches ever given\": Evan Sayet's \"How Modern Liberals Think\"."
"askreddit"	"What are some of the best cards against humanity answers?"
"askreddit"	"What would God's farts smell like?"
"the_donald"	"Settled science, no more make believe!"
"askreddit"	"If deers could have concealed carry, how would they operate the gun?"
"askreddit"	"What feature of a video game was way ahead of its time?"
"askreddit"	"Entrepreneurs of reddit, what was the toughest situation you faced and how did you overcome it?"
"gaming"	"\"Do we really want to live in a world in which billions of people are immersed in fantasies, pursuing make-believe goals and obeying imaginary laws? Well, like it or not, that’s the world we have been living in for thousands of years already.\""
"pics"	"Saw a sunlight filter. At Victoria Park, Nuwara Eliya, Sri Lanka."
"gaming"	"LEARNING the STORY for KINGDOM HEARTS 3"
"askreddit"	"Uber and Lyft drivers, what's the craziest/funniest thing that you've witnessed happening in your backseat?"
"askreddit"	"What's a good defense of capital punishment that doesn't rely on vengeance?"
"askreddit"	"What is something most people don't know but should know?"
"askreddit"	"What are some signs that your professor should be dropped?"
"the_donald"	"Celebrate the red white and blue"
"the_donald"	"Washington Loves General McMaster, But Trump Doesn't"
"askreddit"	"If you could force one person to do one thing, what would it be and why?"
"funny"	"That one thing which boosts you up when your life is full of pains,problems &amp; stress."
"the_donald"	"France chose POORLY!"
"askreddit"	"Private jet pilots of Reddit, what are some interesting stories about the passengers?"
"funny"	"Its all about passion"
"funny"	"Seen this on the way into work today."
"the_donald"	"This Got Buried Yesterday. FSA aka ISIS Flags Fly at Macron Celebration."
"pics"	"\"Hey Al, gi stand over there\""
"askreddit"	"What's something a customer can do for you that is no extra effort for them but can make your day?"
"the_donald"	"When Paris is no longer Paris, and France is no longer France, the people will look back in this moment with sheer horror as they realize that they voted for the timeline that ensures thier culture's doom"
"askreddit"	"The cat says \"meow\", the cow says \"moo\" and the dog says \"woof\". These are some common animals and the sounds they make. What are some rarer animals and the sounds they make, that you know of?"
"askreddit"	"Whats are some industry secrets that the common people are not supposed to know?"
"the_donald"	"Thought you 'tards might like some truth in ya faces."
"funny"	"The Most Annoying Pet Peeves!!!"
"gaming"	"Need help, those two names down the bottom have popped up on my iTunes account recently and I have no idea why, I've never heard these names before in my life, is this a glitch or something else?"
"the_donald"	"Mid-Term Election Dossier: Mia Love"
"the_donald"	"'PEDES! Let's make sure ISPs can't block access to us, Drudge Report, or ANY OTHER Conservative website! Comment in favor of Net Neutrality!"
"the_donald"	"Reminder: there are TWO genders."
"the_donald"	"Looks like the snake just got trolled by a centipede!"
"pics"	"Interlaken, Switzerland (Panorama)"
"pics"	"For our grandparents 70th wedding anniversary party, my cousins and I had a picture of them printed on our socks"
"the_donald"	"Trump needs to classify MS-13 as domestic terrorists and remove them from society. OUT OUT OUT!!"
"gaming"	"I was 8, didn't know a lick of Japanese...but would WAIL this song with no shame."
"gaming"	"Never has this been more accurate."
"the_donald"	"Why does an individual who has been arrested for child trafficking work for a company that issues Amber Alerts? Why did Hillary Clinton help her get released?"
"askreddit"	"People Who Watch \"Bill Nye Saves The World\", Why in The Hell Are People Getting so Mad Over The Gender Spectrum Shit?"
"askreddit"	"Americans of Reddit. If the 2016 election were re-held today, would you change your vote, and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are some really good stress relievers?"
"funny"	"In Japan, the headbangers only bang their heads"
"the_donald"	"Deep behind enemy lines. Using their own anti-hate hate subreddit to brigade the idiot hate brigade"
"the_donald"	"27!!! ANOTHER MORNING IN TRUMP AMERICA!!! GET IN HERE!!"
"askreddit"	"What do you consider a hipster?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the scariest place you have ever visited?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you could give a past self a personal message (no material gain, changing timeline, etc), what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"BOMB THREAT HOAXER EXTRADITION DENIED! We haven't forgotten, have we?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What do you say to a car salesman to successfully barter a cars price?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've ever witnessed someone do or done yourself while sleeping?"
"askreddit"	"Men who dated gold diggers, how did you find out and what did you do after finding out?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what does Reddit mean to you?"
"funny"	"The only rule was no smoking in the car"
"askreddit"	"What is one thing you like about yourself?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most shoking movie ending ever?"
"funny"	"Stoner doge first world problems"
"the_donald"	"Religion of Peace at it again. Italian reporter attacked when covering a story on African migrants."
"askreddit"	"What songs are best seen live in concert?"
"funny"	"Take your time, Psycho"
"askreddit"	"If you were playing Never Have I Ever, what question would make you the only person within that circle to take a drink?"
"funny"	"Giggled a bit"
"pics"	"The misprint in this textbook looks like some of the letters fell off the labels and landed at the bottom of the picture."
"pics"	"Just saw an Apple Maps car drive through my town. Didn't know they also had these."
"askreddit"	"What is choccy milk?"
"gaming"	"The game that officially made me want to fuck a teenage mutant anthro paper cartoon guitarist lamb girl named Lammy (and I have no regrets)"
"the_donald"	"France rejected populism? Looks like it's on the rise to me."
"askreddit"	"What do you do with your days off?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you reluctant to do but enjoy once in the process?"
"funny"	"Anyone looking for a smile?"
"funny"	"Burned!"
"funny"	"Had to create fake patients for our electronic health records class... I think I nailed it!"
"funny"	"George Carlin: Brain Droppings on CSPAN."
"askreddit"	"How did your pet/s change your life?"
"askreddit"	"which are some good weird questions to ask anyone to get to know them better?"
"funny"	"Made this exact face on my drive into work this morning as the Claritin was setting in."
"askreddit"	"Drug users of reddit, how did you get into drugs and what made you realise that you need to stop?"
"funny"	"Polaroid had some pretty specific markets, 20 something swingers?"
"the_donald"	"The most Depressing Video you'll ever watch. France is dead. There is no saving it. Mourn for it. France has been cucked beyond repair."
"askreddit"	"Why do AA/NA condone tobacco and coffee use?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have gotten cheated on, how are you coping with it?"
"the_donald"	"Trending!: Meme Kills Off Creator for Caving to Hate Speech. \"Totally irrelevant and mediocre 'artist' was no longer relevant to human society.\""
"the_donald"	"BILL CLINTON IS TRENDING ON TWITTER"
"gaming"	"[Help] prey ps4 can't use mimic skill??"
"the_donald"	"Post 'em!"
"askreddit"	"What are some good subreddits to ask minor medical questions?"
"askreddit"	"What movie feels like summer?"
"askreddit"	"Your biggest regret in life now becomes your biggest achievement and vice versa. How different is your life?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have used craigslist's casual encounters or a similar site, what has been your experience?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe the White has returned from the Depths"
"the_donald"	"Net Neutrality"
"the_donald"	"Even the NY Times admits that the greatest opposition to sanctuary bills for ILLEGAL immigrants comes from LEGAL immigrants."
"askreddit"	"Which city on Planet Earth has the best music scene?"
"askreddit"	"Strippers of reddit: How do you deal with hiding your exotic dancing career from family and/or loved ones?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the scariest thing you found out about somebody you know, that completely changed how you felt about them?"
"the_donald"	"Will the Feminists of the world march to protest the defeat of Le Pen? Will the normalization of the \"patriarchy\" be unchallenged in France?"
"askreddit"	"How many of you out there are being driven farther and farther Right because of the psychotic PC culture ultra-left ?"
"pics"	"Awesome to enjoy the scenery while soaking in the beach."
"pics"	"Found this DeLorean while on vacation in Siesta Key, Florida"
"askreddit"	"What are some small things people do that disgust you?"
"funny"	"At least Obamacared"
"the_donald"	"When you find out Pepe can't be killed because he is more than just a cartoon frog..."
"askreddit"	"Parents of reddit, What was the funniest thing your child ever said while overreacting?"
"askreddit"	"Sephora workers of Reddit, have you had anyone actually try to match a lipstick to their nipple color? What did they say and how was the whole interaction?"
"the_donald"	"PROOF MACRON CHEATED !!! 126 523 000 % OF VOTES FROM FRENCH OUTSIDE OF FRANCE !!!! SPREAD THE WORLD !!!!!"
"askreddit"	"Anyone who has ever touched a cow or been around one how is it, what does it's fur feel like?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the world's weirdest animals?"
"askreddit"	"Parenst of Reddit, My son's name is \"Graham\"... I pronounce his name with a 'y' like \"Gray-yum\" and my wife says it is like the cracker or measurement aka \"gram\"... How do you pronounce it?"
"askreddit"	"If you could combine to organizations into one with no repercussions which two would you combine?"
"gaming"	"Just got my Future Gaming Mouse for FREE (only paid shipping)"
"askreddit"	"What are some useful degrees?"
"funny"	"Students \"apology\" note to substitute"
"the_donald"	"WHAT THE FUCK? The elites in the Phillipines are trying to IMPEACH DUERTE! Duerte has eliminated radical islamists, drug lords, and all the other degenerates. Let's show r/all we stand with the Phillipines's DEMOCRATICALLY ELECTED LEADER!"
"the_donald"	"From CNN this morning: Obama warned Trump on hiring Flynn. Fake news, or did Obama himself reveal they were spying on Flynn?"
"programming"	"Are software developers a force for good?"
"funny"	"Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery"
"askreddit"	"When did you know you were straight? When did you know you were gay?"
"askreddit"	"great lovers are not great fuckers! would you agree to it? if so, why?"
"the_donald"	"French Outcome"
"the_donald"	"Jamela Mohamed walks into a bank with a hood on against bank rules. She returns to her car and puts her muslim head scarf on then put her hood over her headscarf and returns to the bank and yells discrimination because she's Muslim. Her social media shows her frequently scarfless. taqiyya alert!!"
"askreddit"	"If you could be anywhere right now, where would you be and what would you be doing?"
"funny"	"Who wore it better?"
"askreddit"	"What was the best present you ever gave someone?"
"the_donald"	"What veterans organization to donate to?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's something you're sad might be common/accepted in the coming years?"
"gaming"	"Having Argonne forest and giants shadow as the end of round voting options is like the 2016 elections all over again"
"askreddit"	"What uncommon hobby do you practice?"
"askreddit"	"Fellow tall dudes of Reddit, what are some instances where your height made you a hero?"
"askreddit"	"What are you most grateful for?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what is the craziest thing you are allergic to?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest subreddit you have ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite bad movie?"
"the_donald"	"U.S. Liberals - Your country is now a racist, homophobic, and misogynist land of FUCKING WHITE MALES. Please apply for refugee status with France the Land of Diversity."
"the_donald"	"My Mom and her parents got this letter in '68 saying they had to wait longer to come to the US, u know what they did. They waited longer and came in legally!"
"pics"	"Tornado textbook"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite word?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite colour?"
"the_donald"	"Is there anthing to do or study that in 5 years wont be outsourced to an indian or automated by a robot"
"the_donald"	"Aussie Business Leader to Invest $2 Billion in US Thanks to Trump: “Because of His Great Leadership”"
"the_donald"	"Previously, on the Walking Dead..."
"askreddit"	"What is the name of the song that breaks your heart?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Why do some people get drunk before they attempt to end their life?"
"askreddit"	"Professional drivers of Reddit (truckers, taxi drivers, etc), what useful driving tips have you learned on the road?"
"askreddit"	"What is that one thing that you did which f*cked up your life?"
"gaming"	"Got the 2nd Guy in His Achilles' Heel"
"the_donald"	"I can't wait till the peaceful Muslims backfire on France."
"funny"	"I only buy quality keyboards"
"the_donald"	"PERFECT RESPONSE TO SOCIALISM. USE THIS AGAINST THE LIBCUCKS! RIP SOCIALISM!!!"
"pics"	"This is Bear, He's been my best friend for 12 years."
"askreddit"	"What are some songs with a similar tone to Humble by Kendrick Lamar (the tone being \"I'm better than you\")?"
"askreddit"	"Anyone who started and finished College, what did you study and what are you doing now?"
"askreddit"	"What was your life or death situation?"
"askreddit"	"What is an unwritten law of life that you wish you had discovered earlier?"
"askreddit"	"Repair people of Reddit, what's the oddest way someone has broken something which you have been asked to fix?"
"funny"	"These fucking reviews on the fidget spinner simulator.👌👌👌"
"gaming"	"OBS Recording pixelated Twitch Minecraft with lots of black dots, please help?"
"worldnews"	"Trump son-in-law family apologizes for China name drop"
"the_donald"	"Chicago needs a clone of the Don to clean it up!!! - 10 shot during memorial tonearlier shooting in Chicago 🔥"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what are some things you do to save time in the morning?"
"the_donald"	"Women pay less for auto insurance but don't want to apply the same rules to health insurance?"
"askreddit"	"If cameras were around in the years 300 onward, what parts of life would you capture on camera? Any important battles/discoveries to be seen?"
"funny"	"Magic Show Cutting Spiderman into Half by The Joker Spiderman Cartoon for kids"
"gaming"	"This message will self destruct. . ."
"worldnews"	"Heavily-pregnant British mummy blogger is crushed to death by 18-wheeled truck in Thailand"
"pics"	"Parts of Montana look like they belong in middle earth. This stream is just plain shire-like."
"askreddit"	"What have you always wondered about identical twins (guy btw)?"
"askreddit"	"What moment in your life can be described as 'It's Monday, isn't it?'"
"askreddit"	"AskReddit, what is your OSHA violation story?"
"askreddit"	"How do you tie a noose?"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit, how long did it take you to pick a name for your child? Any regrets about the name you chose?"
"askreddit"	"Birthday is on Wednesday. What places give the best discounts/freebies!?"
"worldnews"	"Tillerson to discuss Syria crisis with Russian counterpart"
"the_donald"	"Chicago needs a clone of the Donald !! - 10 shot during memorial to earlier shooting ! 🔥"
"worldnews"	"'Nothing to see here' Philippines tells UN"
"askreddit"	"What is something you've done/still do while on your daily commute or driving with your parents?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what is something that you got away with that you still think about to this day?"
"gaming"	"TETRIS Made With Pillows!"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Tweet - \"Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.\""
"the_donald"	"Jailed Paris attacks suspect pens introspective letter to female fan"
"pics"	"Fern fiddle head. Wisconsin."
"askreddit"	"Why do you want to work here ?"
"the_donald"	"BASED RAND: Obama Spied On Me Using NSA Intercepts"
"the_donald"	"Reddit couldn't get Sanders to the World Series (US General Election), and they couldn't get Hillary the World Series Championship. Meanwhile, we got Trump the win, and now they think we're gonna be butt hurt over the World Baseball Classic (French Election)."
"worldnews"	"North Korea vows revenge after alleged CIA plot to kill Kim Jong-Un with 'biochemical weapons'"
"the_donald"	"Barack Hussein Obama"
"askreddit"	"What's the strangest thing you've flushed down a toilet?"
"worldnews"	"Julie Bishop refuses to sack Yassmin Abdel-Magied after Anzac Day furore"
"askreddit"	"What non-lethal item is more lethal than expected?"
"askreddit"	"What is the stupidest way the government makes a profit?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite Life Hack??"
"askreddit"	"Military and veterans, what is the most \"dependapotamus\" thing you've ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"The more things change, the more they don't....1974 headlines - Presidential campaign spying, Russia in Mideast and France elections plus assorted political corruption"
"the_donald"	"WTF?: \"Jews Hail Macron’s Landslide Win Over Le Pen As A Victory Against Hate\""
"the_donald"	"The true meaning of resist"
"the_donald"	"Hey, someone do a photoshop of Hijab Barbie with Removable Clitoris!"
"askreddit"	"What serious thing looks or sounds absolutely ridiculous?"
"askreddit"	"They say that Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture. What's your take on this?"
"askreddit"	"If you had $50 and had to get across a Trump border wall, how would you do it?"
"askreddit"	"If you didn’t have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?"
"askreddit"	"Who's the largest fictional fool?"
"the_donald"	"Just an illustrated post to greet all our new subscribers over the past 24 hours. You're welcome."
"askreddit"	"If women used \"tinder style\" pick up lines like men do, what lines would get the most responses from men?"
"askreddit"	"What life pro tip did you get from Reddit that you actually use in real life?"
"gaming"	"What's the scariest game you've ever played that doesn't resort to jumpscares?"
"the_donald"	"Quick shout out to the state of Texas and to The Texas Governor banning sanctuary cities setting precedent! God blessed Texas way to go!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have reversed their political views: was it a long and gradual process or was there a single moment of change?"
"askreddit"	"What movies really get you pumped up or make you feel like a badass after watching?"
"askreddit"	"People who have created a popular meme: what's the meme?"
"funny"	"In your face advertising"
"gaming"	"FINAL FANTASY XV New Timed Quest All Monsters Gameplay May 2017 1080..."
"the_donald"	"No Bias Here...Just CNN's Christiane Amanpour Dances To Macron's Victory🙄"
"the_donald"	"Bette Midler makes light of Syrian suffering - She should receive serious backlash for this"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's something you weren't excited about that turned into something life changing?"
"pics"	"Took this last week in NZ - this salmon farm looks like an alien landscape."
"askreddit"	"[Serious]If liberalism supports choice over own's body, Why can't we have the choice to not vaccinate?"
"programming"	"Messaging Sync — Scaling Mobile Messaging at Airbnb"
"askreddit"	"Why you ever cheated on your significant other?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst time to say \"y-you too\"?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the best shitty life pro tips?"
"funny"	"How do you get that lean?"
"the_donald"	"You think you can own Pepe and can just kill him?"
"pics"	"Higher altitude plane"
"askreddit"	"What lesson did you learn the hard way?"
"askreddit"	"What additional tag-filters should be included on Askreddit?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest/weirdest name of a store you know of?"
"funny"	"Nope, not even close."
"the_donald"	"The rumors of my death are greatly exaggerated- Mark Twain &amp; Pepe the Frog."
"the_donald"	"Picked up this book so a true patriot could tell me about a place that was 😪❤🇫🇷"
"pics"	"HE Left me Hanging While I was Alone And..."
"the_donald"	"The reason liberals want Sharia Law"
"pics"	"There are 5 cats in this picture. My cute little 6 week old kittens."
"pics"	"A beautiful moment in Greece, near Sxinias."
"askreddit"	"What useless skills have you learnt while procrastinating when you should have been studying for exams?"
"askreddit"	"What happened to you when you were wasted?"
"askreddit"	"What was your dream job as a kid?"
"programming"	"PlatformIO IDE 2.0 Beta 3 with Unified Debugger is out! 100+ embedded boards, multiple architectures, zero-configuration"
"the_donald"	"Texas Gov. Abbott details new law that \"effectively bans sanctuary cities in the state of Texas\""
"the_donald"	"TFW your 48 hour old post gets brigaded because cucks (BTFO!) cannot catch up! (because they're btfo)"
"askreddit"	"At what moment did you know they were \"the one\"?"
"funny"	"Every party needs a pooper."
"the_donald"	"The man."
"the_donald"	"Always sort by controversial or you miss gems like this conversation."
"askreddit"	"What classified piece of information would you most like to find out?"
"askreddit"	"For those who have been abandoned by their parents at an adolescent age, how did your mindset change and what actions did you have to take?"
"the_donald"	"The New York Times vs. Trump: The use of this one word shows just how screwed up paper's view of the president is"
"askreddit"	"What job do most people not realize is a job?"
"askreddit"	"People in the refuse industry (trash, recycling, etc.), what's the craziest thing you've seen thrown away?"
"the_donald"	"Trump driving in his Rolls Royce with Melania &amp; Barron."
"the_donald"	"The Donald is a bunch of Dicks! [Fuck Yeah]"
"gaming"	"Life of a Torbjorn Main [NSFW]"
"the_donald"	"Just A Reminder: It's ALL Women's Fault"
"gaming"	"I heard you like iconic duos"
"askreddit"	"What normally negative thing or occurrence have you been able to turn into a positive?"
"askreddit"	"Who did you know whose name was a pun considering their occupation?"
"the_donald"	"Sneak peak of France's new national anthem"
"askreddit"	"What was that \"awkward boner\" moment you had?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever done something good only to discover what you did was terribly wrong?"
"pics"	"This palm tree looking up at the sun covering it's eyes with its hands."
"askreddit"	"Why do you think so many people like Game of Thrones?"
"gaming"	"I would love to see this as an actual game"
"pics"	"Beautiful bluebells in England at this time of year."
"askreddit"	"What is your top beauty life hack?"
"the_donald"	"Thanks to the bountiful enrichment by the Religion of Peace©, we now have so many terrorist attacks to remember that one can't help but miss some. So I've compiled an album of all attacks against Western countries since 2000."
"the_donald"	"McDonald's in the USA vs. McDonald's in France"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the worst teachers (substitute or otherwise) you've ever had?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite sound?"
"the_donald"	"When you disguise the 4th Reich as an \"international coalition\""
"the_donald"	"I love how the libs on reddit are calling us \"snowflakes.\" I don't think they know what that word means."
"the_donald"	"\"10:00 am || Meets with National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster; White House Situation Room\"—It's not usually in the Situation Room, and the schedule usually says \"daily briefing\"; was Cernovich right about McMaster getting ready to be axed? Or are we undertaking a big op?"
"askreddit"	"When did you realize you were an adult?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time for 1 hour, what would you change about your life now and why?"
"the_donald"	"The New Yorker: \"How Trump Could Get Fired\" - these people are SO delusional it hurts 😂😂😂"
"askreddit"	"What lesson did you learn the hard way?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite and most inspirational quote?"
"askreddit"	"What is the Funniest/Craziest conversation you have had with a conspiracy theorist?"
"gaming"	"Barry &amp; his Drill"
"the_donald"	"White House response to the Obama/Flynn revelations from today.- Just In"
"askreddit"	"What is singlehandedly the most disgusting you have done or you have seen someone else do?"
"askreddit"	"What's your Bro code?"
"funny"	"I present my study guide..."
"the_donald"	"For a bunch of liberal art majors, they aren't very creative. I wouldn't call this trolling..."
"the_donald"	"Holy fuck you can't even go to a CAR SUBREDDIT anymore without people calling you a Nazi for posting on T_D, even if you don't even bring it up! Reddit is fucking cancer."
"pics"	"I adore this painting of my Shih Tzu"
"askreddit"	"Your new job is to name paint colours, what do you come up with?"
"askreddit"	"A scientist will allow you to genetically customize every aspect of yourself, but the procedure will cause you to lose all of your memories (if you decide to improve cognitive function). What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What totally legal substance have you consumed and then thought, this should totally not be legal?"
"the_donald"	"You would think after a truck of peace mows down a hundred of your countrymen, you wouldn't elect a candidate that supports open borders"
"askreddit"	"What's the women equivalent of \"awkward boner\"?"
"funny"	"I use to work at Wells Fargo so I know that someone is going to have to process this and physically look at the details.... so I thought it would be funny to add a memo expressing my feelings."
"worldnews"	"Ear infection delays Rafael Nadal's Madrid Open start"
"the_donald"	"US general warns ISIS after strike that killed local leader"
"askreddit"	"What place has had a major affect on your life and how?"
"askreddit"	"Fraternity and sorority members of Reddit, in light of recent events, what are some positive things your fraternity or sorority does that would surprise non-Greeks?"
"the_donald"	"This is the common workplace Pepe. Pls share if you work for a living"
"pics"	"Is this pic attention catching? I ve done that just out of fun with a numer plaque from https://ramsign.com but it looks quite bold I think :o"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What Is Some Proof That God Doesn't Exist?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest knock off/misspelled brand name you have seen?"
"askreddit"	"How did your parents meet?"
"the_donald"	"Quite literally the conversation between the US and France as of yesterday..."
"askreddit"	"What is something you did, and realized after doing it, that you were an asshole?"
"askreddit"	"What if \"the one\" is in relationship with someone else?"
"the_donald"	"US News &amp; World Report: A Democrat Wakes Up On Election Morning With 246 Electoral Votes; Hillary Passed-Out On Election Night In A Drunken Stupor Having Lost 19 Of Them."
"the_donald"	"FaceBook: To those investing $150/share in a company making $1.20...a question. How do you sleep at night? Knowing you would make Goldman Sachs, 1.5$ Sallie Mae 1.39$, or even Synchrony 1.30$."
"askreddit"	"What's the weather like today?"
"the_donald"	"Fake media called Assange a criminal when he gave private info on corporations &amp; gov't to us for free. Cuckerberg profits selling info and he's Man of the Year. Send Cuckerberg to Gitmo!"
"askreddit"	"What lesson did you learn the hard way?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the best way to get back with your ex?"
"askreddit"	"College students or former college students of Reddit, who is the worst professor you ever had and why?"
"funny"	"Engineers can be funny too!"
"gaming"	"Teen launches crowdfunding campaign to buy himself a Nintendo Switch"
"the_donald"	"Trump's impact on business"
"the_donald"	"\"Insane Leftist Congresswoman Got A Standing Ovation At The MTV Music Awards\" -- spoiler: it's Maxine 'calls for Trump's impeachment before his inauguration' Waters."
"askreddit"	"What name is totally ruined for you and how was it tainted?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst trait your (previous) boss has?"
"askreddit"	"What's the oddest \"natural remedy\" somebody told you to try?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest word?"
"the_donald"	"Just another peaceful visit to an Italian cafe in Somalia."
"askreddit"	"If you were in cryo-sleep for 100 years, what would be your first question when you woke up?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors of Reddit, how often do you upvote a post?"
"askreddit"	"People of reddit, what is the best advice you can give to someone who wants to change their life for the better..?"
"askreddit"	"What are some hobbies/interests that are simple and cheap to start but have a lot of depth to them?"
"worldnews"	"Mayor offers €2,000 and cheap rent to anyone willing to live in small idyllic village in Italian mountains"
"askreddit"	"Have any of you ever used AirBnb? How was your experience?"
"the_donald"	"Rush Limbaugh: \"You would think we were all fetuses in a Planned Parenthood waiting room\""
"askreddit"	"If you could only listen to one song the rest of your life what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"Congratulations, France. You screwed yourself."
"the_donald"	"Gay friend of mine getting redpilled. It's glorious to see :')"
"gaming"	"Expeditions: Viking Review - Best Viking Game?!"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Macron makes a racist hand gesture! Is he colluding with the Alt-Right?"
"the_donald"	"How To Say \"Goodbye\" in French"
"the_donald"	"Well, it wouldn't be the first time that France was in need of liberation"
"askreddit"	"What is the best/funniest quote you've seen inscribed on a pen?"
"the_donald"	"My friend trying to rub it in. I fixed it for them though."
"askreddit"	"What's the difference between a psychopath and a sociopath?"
"askreddit"	"People who do the whole\"upvote this so people see it when they google\" thing, do you honestly think people are gonna Google something that specific? Or is it just for the upvotes?"
"askreddit"	"If you have, Why did you cheat on your significant other?"
"the_donald"	"538: \"You’ll Likely Be Reading One Of These 5 Articles The Day After The Election\".....first four outline a Hillary Victory. NOT SO FAST......."
"askreddit"	"What pisses other people off that doesn't bother you at all?"
"gaming"	"Xbox One news: SEVEN Backward Compatibility games launch, Overwatch release date event ~ infomania"
"the_donald"	"Us vs. Them."
"the_donald"	"Press Release Just Issued By Pepe"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite Nosleep story?"
"askreddit"	"Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?"
"the_donald"	"Dear French people! I would like to thank you for your vote..."
"gaming"	"Indie Detective Reviews #3 - the Search for Indie Gems"
"the_donald"	"Netanyahu calls CNN, NYT \"Fake News\" 😂👌"
"askreddit"	"What's something that would ruin your employer's business if the general public found out about it?"
"the_donald"	"Okay so if Obama admin gave Flynn clearance the WHOLE time wouldn't this technically mean OBAMA admin was in collusion with Russia?🤔"
"the_donald"	"MONDAY MIDDAY MAGATHREAD - PEPE LIVES!"
"askreddit"	"What tactics do use do to get through a nervous phone call?"
"funny"	"Meanwhile in France..."
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Macron makes a racist hand gesture! Is he colluding with the Alt-Right?"
"pics"	"This is Brian Woehlke. He died on duty while fighting an arson fire. He was the first fireman to perish while on duty in the cities history. He had been a fireman for only 10 months."
"askreddit"	"What's the best subtweet you can come up with, for a really annoying person?"
"the_donald"	"GET IN HERE PEDES!!!"
"askreddit"	"Who are the people you'd love to see punished but who got away with it?"
"askreddit"	"What do a lot of people worry about but shouldn't?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe Statement to the Press"
"askreddit"	"What makes you upvote an AskReddit question?"
"askreddit"	"What was your favorite childhood cartoon?"
"askreddit"	"When and what happened that made you realise this society is doomed to fail?"
"askreddit"	"How long were you and your SO dating before you two got married?"
"gaming"	"The difference that a next gen console makes"
"the_donald"	"#NotAllMuslims"
"pics"	"Two rescues, 1 friendship"
"gaming"	"Good Idea for a Game: Mega Man Maker"
"programming"	"Mobile First, Desktop Worst – Prototyping: From UX to Front End"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Who is someone you want to kill?"
"askreddit"	"Walmart workers of Reddit, what are the craziest things you have seen?"
"worldnews"	"India gives it back to Pakistan: Bunker destroyed in 60 seconds"
"pics"	"If I had known dog paintings were popular I would have posted this a while ago."
"askreddit"	"What is your secret plan?"
"the_donald"	"When the people who talk about \"\"rape culture\"\" conveniently ignore the ongoing Muslim invasion of Europe or how the government forcibly steals a huge portion of your income without your consent."
"the_donald"	"We don't carrot all if you no like Pepe"
"askreddit"	"What is your reason or reasons for not telling someone there is white paint (or similar) all down the back of their pants all day long?"
"askreddit"	"People who were born outside of the U.S., do you listen to or watch American entertainment?"
"funny"	"This mannequin"
"the_donald"	"What a f*cked up timeline! Looks like Germany has expanded their love for sharia.. My deepest sympathy goes out to France &amp; those who did not vote for the globalist scum, Macron."
"askreddit"	"If you want to ask people opinion about social psychology, which subreddit you choose?"
"askreddit"	"How would \"Fast and Furious 8\" be if Paul Walker had not passed away?"
"the_donald"	"WOMEN MAKE 78% of WHAT MEN MAKE. DEAL WITH IT."
"the_donald"	"Diversity!"
"askreddit"	"Guys, what's something you find out that made you suddenly call off your engagement?"
"the_donald"	"Marin County deputy coroner (lib-tard mecca) charged with molestation."
"the_donald"	"Serious what is wrong with Reddit today Everything new on the_Donald is being down voted they are attacking anything new what's up with the censorship trying very hard to silence us if we let them control our narrative here where can we go to express our freedoms"
"askreddit"	"When you speak in front of a large crowd, how do you manage/handle yourself?"
"pics"	"In case you've forgotten some of our measurements"
"askreddit"	"Who's motive or actions make no sense and is a paradox within its self?"
"askreddit"	"People who have done drugs, what drug did you take and how was your trip?"
"the_donald"	"Tfw you surrender your country to the false song of globalism"
"the_donald"	"Do your job Pedes!"
"askreddit"	"What music artist/band do you think has the worst or best fanbase?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's the story behind that scar?"
"askreddit"	"When you ask someone to prom, how do you know if you're going to prom \"as friends\" or \"as a date\"? People keep asking which one, and I don't even know the difference. What do you do differently at prom?"
"funny"	"I needed to do a double take when I saw the target ad today"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit who have been in a house fire, what caused the fire, and what happened in general?"
"pics"	"Marketing Done Right"
"askreddit"	"If you were to re-write some or all of the lyrics to your country's national anthem, how would they go?"
"askreddit"	"What bullshit fact can you back up with an \"alternative news\" source?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite album or tracklist of any genre to have a nap to?"
"funny"	"I can't see the difference to be honest"
"gaming"	"looks familiar"
"gaming"	"Thinking of games to try out, any suggestions?"
"the_donald"	"Spy Hard: Obama spied on Rand Paul."
"funny"	"new poster released for movie \"knocked up\""
"funny"	"My sister cat \"Smulan\" took some selfies"
"the_donald"	"It's beginning to feel like WWII again. Let's think about the parallels:"
"the_donald"	"Furie drawing of Pepe Funeral"
"the_donald"	"Obama Warning Trump About Flynn is the Definition of a Non-Story"
"the_donald"	"White House Press Briefing with Press Secretary Sean Sp🌶cer"
"the_donald"	"Who do I pitch this to? Surely there is at least one sane person at Netflix."
"askreddit"	"How do you reduce the difficulty level on Tinder?"
"askreddit"	"Colbert said he would \"change a few words that were cruder than they needed to be\". Do you think this was a good move? Why or why not?"
"the_donald"	"The best part about being alt-right"
"the_donald"	"Fake viral video showing girl standing up to Trump fools thousands"
"the_donald"	"DESPERATE: Former President Barrack Hussein Obama is breaking Presidential precedent by becoming actively involved in influencing policy. A sign of just how depleted the Democrat roster has become. #NoNewFaces"
"the_donald"	"Still Winning"
"askreddit"	"What is the laziest thing you've ever done?"
"askreddit"	"What was the time you laughed the hardest?"
"funny"	"Want a job..."
"the_donald"	"LGBTP"
"askreddit"	"Religious persons of Reddit: why do you believe that your deceased love one went to hell?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the worst movie to have a sequel?"
"askreddit"	"What was a time when luck was truly on your side?"
"the_donald"	"OUR PEPE. HE IS RISEN. SHADILAY."
"the_donald"	"First they came for P, but I did not speak out for J, for I was not a W."
"the_donald"	"If you could tweet one thing from Hillary Clinton's Twitter what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"Gobi Wolf 2017 Participants Practice Disaster Response in Mongolia"
"the_donald"	"ShariaBlue, You have to go back"
"the_donald"	"I am getting some love lately."
"askreddit"	"What's the most random existential crisis you've experienced?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit - which noise or sensation 'goes through' you?"
"askreddit"	"If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?"
"funny"	"Performed emergency surgery on my glove"
"the_donald"	"When I Google \"president of France\" this woman is no where to be found!"
"the_donald"	"This one goes out to Sharia Blue."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why do you believe you need to interact with other people you don't know in order to live a normal functioning life?"
"the_donald"	"Toronto gallery cancels exhibit of white artist’s paintings over complaints of cultural appropriation"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Those who left the lives they had and moved away to start a new one, how did you know it was time?"
"askreddit"	"With the upcoming challenge to Net Neutrality, what can we non-US citizens do to help protect it?"
"askreddit"	"What advice would you give someone who acts shy because they are ugly?"
"funny"	"Nobody puts Baby in the Corner!"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what makes you nervous?"
"askreddit"	"Tinnitus researchers of Reddit: How can we help you?"
"funny"	"When you forget the side your tank is on but you make it work anyways."
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to earn money online ?"
"askreddit"	"In what situations is it reasonable for the 'needs of the few' to outweigh the 'needs of the many'?"
"worldnews"	"Indian student made to remove bra during exam over cheating fears."
"programming"	"Two Ways to Share Git Hooks with Your Team"
"the_donald"	"Would it be trolling if we started calling transtumors by their chromosomes?"
"the_donald"	"(They said he was gone) HE IS RISEN. SHADILAY."
"funny"	"I know your house is on fire, but this pizza is amazing"
"askreddit"	"What do you constantly think about that, either makes you sad or just anything?"
"askreddit"	"What unsolved crime intrigues you and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite quote?"
"askreddit"	"What is the easiest way to trigger and cause a feminist, tumblrina, or SJW to have a temper tantrum?"
"askreddit"	"What's something others usually exaggerate about?"
"the_donald"	"Take your medicine cucks"
"askreddit"	"What food from your culture is amazing and should be shared with the world?"
"askreddit"	"If you could create a friend and could choose only one personality trait you want and everything else about them you hate, what trait would you choose?"
"funny"	"Witnessed this gem this morning. I'd say \"only in Oklahoma\" but I don't think that's the case 😂"
"the_donald"	"If the \"B\" in LGBT stands for \"Bi\"...........HAVE LIBERALS CRACKED THE CODE?!?!"
"askreddit"	"Cops of Reddit what is the dumbest thing you had to tell a grownup?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest/creepiest youtube video you've ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"What are the benefits of working a job in IT?"
"funny"	"Babies first fidget spinner"
"askreddit"	"Who is your favorite teacher?"
"the_donald"	"Let's never forget who we are fighting"
"askreddit"	"What and how big of a role does God play in your life (theists)?"
"the_donald"	"Never forget about Fried Rice!! They are having hearing this week. We need to move on from France and focused on the globalist here working against DJT! FUCK FRANCE"
"the_donald"	"Ruthless Liberal Attacks Republican Reciting Constitution"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Joined @SecShulkin, @SecPriceMD, Jared Kushner &amp; @IvankaTrump for a discussion re: biomedicine &amp; how we can usher i… https://t.co/Clk1cJbsCL"
"the_donald"	"Surely liberals can't ignore this article???? (they will)"
"askreddit"	"What was your experience with purchasing matresses online from one of those numerous new online shops?"
"askreddit"	"People who work at a gym/fitness center, what's the nastiest or weirdest thing you've seen people do?"
"askreddit"	"What Information Can Be Obtained From a Passport Card?"
"askreddit"	"Former adult virgins of Reddit, how did you lose it, and what's life like now that you're not a virgin anymore?"
"the_donald"	"Juggernaut Jeff Sessions fulfills his promise in doing his part to MAGA!!!!! God bless this administration, and GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!!!"
"pics"	"Incorrect use of transportation device."
"the_donald"	"the left is hoping for a miracle"
"pics"	"Life is beautiful. Even on a Monday."
"askreddit"	"How many columns are in your Reddit User spreadsheet?"
"askreddit"	"What tactics do you use to get through a nervous phone call?"
"funny"	"Fifty pinks of Kim"
"funny"	"Vodka ruins people's selfies."
"the_donald"	"Woman Breaks Both Legs After Migrant Hurls Her Out of a Window For Refusing Sex"
"the_donald"	"Hello, I wonder what the general opinion on Kurds are? :D"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] [SERIOUS] Reddit in desperate times, what's the quickest and best way to get laid?"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"the_donald"	"There is only one clear choice for FBI director."
"askreddit"	"What are some mildly adult jokes that you can tell in polite company without appearing lewd?"
"gaming"	"The best steam review I've read in a while (Prey)"
"the_donald"	"John Oliver calls for Help from Trump Supporters of 4chan and Reddit for help"
"the_donald"	"When Pepe is on the Front Page of t_d"
"askreddit"	"Parents - At what point do you throw away you kids' old drawings, holiday projects, baby clothes, toys, etc?"
"askreddit"	"What are some foods that would be less appealing if they named them exactly what they were?"
"askreddit"	"What are two foods from different cultures that go very well together?"
"askreddit"	"What has been your biggest Fuck My Life (FML) moment?"
"funny"	"joe and mika share an intimate moment"
"askreddit"	"People who went from anti social, to very social, what are your tricks and tips?"
"askreddit"	"How do you personally auto -erotically asphyxiate yourself?"
"gaming"	"I found the greatest gaming peripheral of all time."
"the_donald"	"Sources: Obama Warned Trump Against Hiring Flynn"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's the unhealthiest thing that you've eaten?"
"programming"	"You are asking your test system the wrong questions!"
"worldnews"	"Stephen Hawking just gave a pretty scary prediction of how long humans have left on Earth"
"the_donald"	"Are The Young Turks Critics Being Censored By YouTube?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Schizophrenics of Reddit, and similar mental disorders, what are your symptoms, and what do you do to cope with them?"
"askreddit"	"How did you end up with such a huge debt?"
"askreddit"	"If a war broke out between black and white people, who would win?"
"funny"	"Remember the more you weigh, the harder you are to kidnap, stay safe and eat cake"
"the_donald"	"Bill Maher Attempts Creepy Incest Joke About Donald and Ivanka Trump"
"the_donald"	"Spare a thought for the french police who overwhelmingly supported Le Pen ... they more than anyone will have to deal with 5 more years of hell ..."
"the_donald"	"To any cucktard, liberal, ANTIFA, and any other fucked up group or person that happens to be lurking here... just shut your fucking cockwashers and MOVE ON! THERE IS NO RUSSIA CONNECTION. THE DEMOCRATS ARE PATHOLOGICAL THAT ARE EXERCISING THEIR MIND CONTROL OVER YOU. You're FUCKING STUPID!"
"funny"	"Non-acrobatic bearded tit having a drink"
"the_donald"	"We may have to go back to France boys."
"the_donald"	"\"If I did it\" by Bill Clinton"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump's walk of fame star has been replaced more than Obamacare."
"pics"	"If the second round vote in France would have followed the US first past the post system..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why do ladies wear skin color pantyhose to everywhere (photoshoots, cosplays, parties, etc.)?"
"askreddit"	"What situation do you find it acceptable to cheat on your SO?"
"the_donald"	"This re-tweet aged well"
"askreddit"	"What is a valid reason to boycott a company?"
"askreddit"	"What plants would be found in the gardens of the galaxy?"
"askreddit"	"Which two separate people did you think were the same person?"
"funny"	"When you're 6 years old and your buddy Harrison pisses you off, you swear him off for life at 5:19pm. Then when he stops by to apologize at 5:25pm, you run over to cross it out before you go play."
"askreddit"	"what are your best reddit themed puns?"
"the_donald"	"Obama Receives The Profile In Courage Award For 8 Years Of Identity Politics And Race Baiting."
"the_donald"	"Barack Obama Desperate to Save His Legacy from Donald Trump"
"the_donald"	"Press Beating with the Returning Press Secretary Sean Spicer of the Spicy-est!!!"
"the_donald"	"Paris main mosque: Macron win sign that Muslims “can live in harmony and respect of French values”"
"the_donald"	"Just say it you cuckold: When Asked About DNC Unity Tour, Bernie Sanders Said, ‘I Know What Happened During My Campaign’"
"askreddit"	"How many days after you started wearing glasses did you realize it was acceptable to clean your glasses with the clothes you were wearing?"
"the_donald"	"Big Dits. Just a photograph of some big ol' Dits."
"pics"	"coastal cabins on a nice day [OC]"
"funny"	"Finishing the job."
"funny"	"Fire zee missiles!"
"the_donald"	"Macron supporting liberal getting BTFO'd by Scott Adams."
"askreddit"	"Pilots who have had to eject out of their plane, what's your story?"
"the_donald"	"FUCK THE SAUDIS AND FUCK THE PEDOPHILES"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, you are in the \"10 Items Or Less\" lane and the cashier is seriously judging you right now, what are you buying?"
"askreddit"	"What would you actually be doing right now if you had absolutely no access to internet/wi-fi?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who eat black licorice, and others of course, what food do you enjoy that others shy away from?"
"gaming"	"Xbox Scorpio release date: Microsoft has GOOD NEWS for fans ahead of E3 ~ infomania"
"worldnews"	"Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov claims no gay people exist in region just fake Chechens"
"askreddit"	"If modern transportation never existed, what event would've never happened and what major differences would this world see?"
"the_donald"	"link. in. side."
"askreddit"	"What's something that you get the most \"bang for your buck\"?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you feel all \"warm and fuzzy\"?"
"askreddit"	"If you could give one piece of advice to pass on to the next generation, what would it be?"
"gaming"	"All of \"through the fire and the flames\" on max difficulty blindfolded."
"the_donald"	"OKENYAN THE INFORMER: \"Obama warned Trump against Flynn as national security advisor: ex official-Yahoo Fake News\" \"Obama to Russian Medved: '..more Flexibility after election..\" The idiots voted for criminal Informer. Time magazine INFORMER OF THE YEAR: OKENYAN."
"askreddit"	"Have you ever accidentally made sexual advances on someone? What happened?"
"askreddit"	"What's your funniest school field trip moment?"
"askreddit"	"What has been your deepest, most profound thought?"
"funny"	"Isn't our solar system beautiful?"
"gaming"	"Game suggestion for pc"
"the_donald"	"35 out of 37 \"reeeeconomists\" call Trump's tax plan WRONG if GDP grows faster than tax revenue grows.... Fucking wut?"
"the_donald"	"Robert Mercer, Co-CEO Of Renaissance, Sued By Former Employee Alleging Retaliation Over Trump"
"askreddit"	"Why is Game of Thrones so lame?"
"the_donald"	"Remember when Obama shut the fuck up for a few months"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you got scared out of your mind?"
"funny"	"It's now comes in a bag and can be found in your supermarket..."
"the_donald"	"Press Briefing with Press Secretary Sean Spicer"
"the_donald"	"\"There’s too much of an attempt, it seems to me, to think in terms of controlling man, rather than freeing him – of defining him, rather than letting him go! It’s part of the whole ideology of this age\" Arthur Miller"
"askreddit"	"What is an invalid reason to boycott a company?"
"the_donald"	"Broken Frogs"
"the_donald"	"\"The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use them.\" -Philip K. Dick [Why we can't lose the war against political correctness]"
"the_donald"	"They said he was gone. HES BEEN AT THE GYM CUCKS! GET READY FOR AN AMERICAN SUPLEX FROM THE ALMIGHTY."
"funny"	"The Japanese have the best signs for anti-cigarette-littering 🚫🚬"
"askreddit"	"What's your guilty pleasure song?"
"worldnews"	"Photos emerge showing fiddler rays with gaping stab wounds to the head"
"askreddit"	"What is your secret plan B?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit: what is the one thing about you that makes you Younique?"
"programming"	"Handling the Handlebars! – Tips and Tricks while using Handlebars.js"
"the_donald"	"Fake news"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit: what's the craziest thing you or your partner did while under the influence of pregnancy hormones?"
"pics"	"I'm trying out a new look, I'm calling it, \"I have killed once already!\" XD"
"pics"	"Turned an odd loaf of bread into and adorable bird at work"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Unhappy Redditors: are you in therapy? If so, how's that going for you? If not, what prevents you from seeking or getting help?"
"pics"	"Pussy generation!"
"askreddit"	"What are the 'environments' you can become a 'product' of?"
"the_donald"	"GERMANY: Refugee throws woman out of window for refusing sex"
"the_donald"	"During the Obama Years my wife and I were unemployed/working dead end jobs making 40k per year total. I jumped on the trump train in 2015 and in JUN 16 I got 80k year job. Trump becomes prez and today the wife got a 80k year job too! COINCIDENCE????"
"askreddit"	"What underrated, still-running show should everyone watch?"
"funny"	"An Emotional Stripper"
"worldnews"	"Putin congratulates Macron and wishes him ‘strong health’"
"the_donald"	"Are you ready for the biggest religious Red Pill of your life?? I feel like this is the only place where I can post this and not get banned because it refers to Islam:"
"the_donald"	"Did Obama just declare open warfare on Trump? He is the only potential source of leaks from their private Oval Office conversation. And, why now?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are your thoughts on \"Gender Neutral\" Awards?"
"askreddit"	"what is your most regrettable sexual experience?"
"the_donald"	"Macron is 39, the youngest person to be elected president of France. His wife is 64. Wtf?"
"askreddit"	"Chest pain, clicking heartbeat and irregular heartbeat? Anyone know what it could be?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you can do today that future generations would love to do, would it still be a thing then?"
"the_donald"	"Obama warned of Flynn after election: reports Just hit the news today? how convenient ...Hahahahahaha NBC LOSERS"
"askreddit"	"I you woke up in a straightjacket, what would you do?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Anonymous sources say that Pepe has faked his own death so he can get away from his cuck creator and MAGA full time."
"the_donald"	"Families of San Bernardino Victims Sue Twitter, Google, Facebook"
"the_donald"	"Chaos at Toronto City Hall 2: Antifa comes for Proud Boys' coffee and MAGA hats, leaves with bruises"
"programming"	"Sizzy - View multiple screen sizes at a time when developing responsive websites"
"the_donald"	"Armed with the knowledge gained from 8 years of illegal spying, Obama is clear and present threat to the United States of America every time he opens his mouth. I hope the NSA is treating him the way he treated other politicians."
"the_donald"	"So Pepe died..."
"askreddit"	"what is your funniest nickname?"
"askreddit"	"What commercials annoy you the most?"
"the_donald"	"Fascists larping as Alt Right. They are not our allies."
"askreddit"	"It is now mandatory to have a custom license plate. What is written on yours?"
"askreddit"	"What are the benefits of marriage for men that make it worth risking divorce courts that favor women?"
"funny"	"Today i was pissed and dissapointed"
"the_donald"	"HE HAS RISEN"
"askreddit"	"What is the absolute worst song that was popular in the 90's?"
"funny"	"What's so funny 'bout cheese, love and understanding"
"gaming"	"Plants vs Zombies Easter Egg [ME:A]"
"the_donald"	"Burning baguettes"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddit do you often visit, but are not subscribed to?"
"askreddit"	"Who performs the song \"Anything Goes\" 3 minutes into Francis Schaeffer's \"Whatever Happened to the Human Race\" episode about human dignity?"
"funny"	"Strip club near my house is stepping up their advertising"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Redditors who keep a journal, what do you write in it?"
"askreddit"	"What's the absolute dumbest thing you've ever heard someone say?"
"funny"	"\"Repeal and go fuck yourself.\""
"funny"	"This is the email my area manager sent around to all the shops in Northern Ireland, Notice anything wrong"
"worldnews"	"Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo will travel to Washington D.C. next week for talks about sugar exports"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, when was the last time you did something legitimately brave and what was it?"
"askreddit"	"In honor of Victory in Europe Day, what's your favorite war story from your family?"
"askreddit"	"At what age did you start to dislike the question \"how old are you?\""
"gaming"	"When you need just a little more organic material [PREY]"
"gaming"	"What do you mean was €70?(Yes this is from the same store as my last post)"
"worldnews"	"Johnson &amp; Johnson ordered to pay $148m in Baby Powder Cancer Case"
"askreddit"	"Redditors,what is the best song cover you've heard?"
"the_donald"	"Creepy AF"
"askreddit"	"What is something small that everyone can do to live more sustainably?"
"askreddit"	"What do you weigh/what's your bmi?"
"askreddit"	"Cashiers Of Reddit, what was the worst experience you have had with a customer?"
"the_donald"	"🤔"
"askreddit"	"What are your favourite movies to marathon?"
"askreddit"	"Let's say Inception is real, and you're currently in Limbo waiting for Cobb to bring you back to reality. What moment are you transported back to? What idea was meant to take hold?"
"the_donald"	"Spicy show starting soon!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's response to Matt Furie \"surrendering control of the character to the far right.\" (VERY RARE)"
"askreddit"	"Why is it bad to use your phone at the gasoline station?"
"worldnews"	"South African police fire rubber bullets to quell riot"
"the_donald"	"Dear France, remember how we got the term \"Leatherneck.\" This could be your next great dressing accessory item, brought to you by the first Barbary War. Remedies of the past, just saying."
"askreddit"	"What should you ALWAYS bring to a party?"
"askreddit"	"Casino employees of Reddit, what is the best/worst gambling moment you have witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"God works in mysterious ways\" story?"
"the_donald"	"Twitter is going nuts, there's never been any Muslim ban. Only non-Muslims bans, for example Mekka. Or Jew bans (entire middle-east except Israel)."
"askreddit"	"How can your workplace environment be improved to make your job more enjoyable?"
"askreddit"	"When did you realize you were in the wrong profession?"
"pics"	"This man has life figured out"
"pics"	"Hello"
"askreddit"	"Co-workers car smells of gasoline - what can be done?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that can make ANYONE happy?"
"askreddit"	"How often do you get a haircut?"
"funny"	"Master Yoda was here."
"the_donald"	"It's important to know the difference!"
"the_donald"	"NOT MY PRESIDENT!!! Simply because I live in America. Just a fact."
"askreddit"	"What are the chances that a comet (big) can strike earth 🌏 right now ?"
"askreddit"	"Why do asians always go for the white guys?"
"the_donald"	"Press Briefing with Press Secretary Sean Spicer 5/8/2017"
"askreddit"	"A la Gran Torino, what is the most racist and humerous quote from life, a movie, a book, etc?"
"the_donald"	"UKIP Nigel Farage - Marine Le Pen Will Be The French President In 2022"
"the_donald"	"What Happened in France?"
"askreddit"	"What was the best Monday of your life?"
"funny"	"Photography level Legendary"
"funny"	"Dylan Minnete at the MTV awards"
"the_donald"	"LOW ENERGY protest outside of Omni Hotel in Nashville. We need some Pedes out here with the Bikers for Trump for a HIGH ENERGY counter protest!"
"askreddit"	"What's Something You Want To Get Off Your Chest?"
"askreddit"	"What is your home town known for?"
"the_donald"	"Shit is getti g deep folks: North Korea Detains Another American, Accusing Him of 'Hostile Acts Against the Country'"
"pics"	"Boat"
"askreddit"	"Who do you know that has a completely misguided understanding of how they are seen by others, and what would you say to them in a drunken moment of clarity?"
"the_donald"	"Whenever Trump drops a great tweet, the media immediately goes to distractions on Flynn and whatnot. Sad."
"askreddit"	"Fishermen of Reddit, what is your favorite soft plastic setup for late spring/early summer?"
"askreddit"	"Married Redditors who made the decision to have an affair; what led to your decision to cheat on your spouse, did you get caught, and what was the eventual outcome?"
"worldnews"	"City banks could move at least 9,000 jobs from UK due to Brexit"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How would your job be infinitely different, if you lived in another country?"
"askreddit"	"Serious: Based on current events, what do you predict will happen in the next 100 years?"
"the_donald"	"Shit is getting deep folks: North Korea Detains Another American, Accusing Him of 'Hostile Acts Against the Country'"
"askreddit"	"If you're stuck eating the last thing you ate for the rest of your life, what are you eating for the rest of your life?"
"askreddit"	"With 13 Reasons Why being so popular, what is your reason why not?"
"funny"	"When your mom makes your Halloween costume."
"worldnews"	"Venezuela's Maduro talks to cows during official act: Will you support me?"
"askreddit"	"What is a \"with great power comes great responsibility\" job?"
"worldnews"	"Your Boss Is Not More Stressed Out Than You, Science Says"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Based on current events, what do you predict will happen in the next 100 years?"
"askreddit"	"What are some Outdoor activities you can do while it's Windy outside, without the wind being a nuisance, or even better, taking advantage of it?"
"gaming"	"Nice"
"pics"	"The irony is strong in this one"
"askreddit"	"What is something a family member does/has done in public that made you embarrassed to be associated with them?"
"the_donald"	"I found this photo of Macron and his wife from their honeymoon."
"the_donald"	"Mfw the cucks remember that Donald is president"
"the_donald"	"Time to trigger the CUCKS"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicer White House Press Briefing – May 8th Livestream…"
"the_donald"	"I wonder how many liberals don't even know what the Barbary wars were? I wonder how many know that it wasn't until the 1900s that the last caliphate was FULLY turned back from Europe? People need to fucking learn history."
"askreddit"	"People who cover their notebook camera, do you cover your smartphone front camera too? If not, why?"
"askreddit"	"Who didn't you get to say goodbye to that you'd like to take a moment to memorialize?"
"worldnews"	"Bitcoin hits $1,600 for the first time"
"the_donald"	"Is Slick Willy's new book going to intern interns in blue dresses, cigars, and rape?"
"askreddit"	"If Jesus were to come back, where would come back at?"
"askreddit"	"do u like chicken or ham and why?"
"askreddit"	"What in your experience makes someone charismatic?"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: cutting jobs is standard capitalist formula"
"the_donald"	"Is there a court hearing for trumps for region ban executive order today?"
"askreddit"	"Should i be stressing out about my o levels?"
"askreddit"	"Whats an embarrassingly obvious fact you learned recently?"
"askreddit"	"What are some out-of-style sayings you wish would come back?"
"funny"	"My cat has given up on life"
"askreddit"	"If future you could speak to you now, what do you think they'd say?"
"the_donald"	"Living in the best timeline"
"askreddit"	"Truck drivers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you've seen someone do on the road?"
"askreddit"	"NRA and other 2nd Amendment Right Folks - If the second amendment is to protect against government overreach, should we be able to buy tanks and gunships and why?"
"askreddit"	"Graphic designers of Reddit, what has been your most frustrating client experience?"
"askreddit"	"Whats a mildy interesting facts you can tell us ?"
"askreddit"	"What's the one little thing you've got figured out?"
"askreddit"	"What are somethings you appreciate about other religions?"
"gaming"	"Net-neutrality effects us all..."
"the_donald"	"Boston: 2 engaged doctors brutally murdered in their home by West African immigrant w/criminal record (most websites omit all details of the murderer except his name, of course!)"
"askreddit"	"If you could be anyone ore anything out of a comic book what or who would you be?"
"the_donald"	"BUSTED: Antifa TIED TO OBAMA PROGRAM at DoD called the 'Minerva Initiative'"
"askreddit"	"Why are people on Reddit so critical when you make a valid point, but are branded as a troll simply because you brought up a controversial subject?"
"askreddit"	"If a worldwide war broke out between black and white people, who would win?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that you, being a professional in your field, can tell us that the layperson probably wouldn't know?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most unfair thing your parents ever made you do for one of your siblings?"
"askreddit"	"What TV shows do you enjoy watching with your kids? Which do you loathe?"
"askreddit"	"What breaks and never falls and what falls and never breaks?"
"askreddit"	"Truckers of Reddit, what is your funniest/weirdest story driving?"
"programming"	"1000x faster spelling correction, with term split/merge"
"the_donald"	"Press Briefing with Press Secretary Sean Spicer"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have visited a prostitute, what is the story?"
"funny"	"Found this sign at the Crocodile Centre in St. Lucia, South Africa"
"gaming"	"Pokemon Go UPDATE: Grass Event end time, as fans criticise Niantic Worldwide Bloom event ~ infomania"
"the_donald"	"FBI paid $900,000 to hack phone"
"the_donald"	"I'm going to be pissed if Congress lets Susan Rice get away with not testifying."
"askreddit"	"Those of you with SO's, does one of you get hit on more often than the other? How does it affect your relationship?"
"askreddit"	"Women of Reddit, who is the creepiest guy you have ever come in contact with?"
"askreddit"	"How many different Reddit accounts do you use and why?"
"the_donald"	"Wife Turned on 60 Minutes - Story of Deported Robert Bernastain. What did MSM Lie About? There HAS to be more to the story that CBS did not share"
"the_donald"	"On this GREAT FREE AMERICAN DAY an amazing edition of the Star Spangled Banner by a based rock band Madison Rising"
"askreddit"	"Truckers of Reddit, what do you do to pass the time while driving each day?"
"askreddit"	"College students of Reddit, how were/are exams?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most elaborate lie you have ever told or been told?"
"askreddit"	"what is your darkest secret which you never discussed with anyone?"
"the_donald"	"On the 3 day ........"
"the_donald"	"Why should they care about the future?"
"funny"	"Edd is the coolest"
"the_donald"	"How Macron won: Macaroni and Goat Cheese"
"the_donald"	"We need to show solidarity with Duterte!"
"the_donald"	"I wonder if, in a flailing attempt to play 4D chess; Obama might endorse the House Health Care Bill?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What do you think the definition of \"racism\" should be? Why?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] You live in the US and are against gun ownership; what do you know about gun ownership in other western countries and what do you think about it?"
"askreddit"	"Youth of Reddit, do you want to raise your own family? why or why not?"
"pics"	"Spider-Man at a protest in Puerto Rico"
"askreddit"	"Home inspectors of Reddit, what is the creepiest thing you have found during an inspection?"
"funny"	"Planet of the mammals"
"gaming"	"Re-downloading after 1-1/2 off. Apparently I have missed a few updates"
"programming"	"Optical Showroom Project in Asp.Net"
"askreddit"	"Without using circular logic, what evidence do you have for your religion?"
"askreddit"	"Former lonely people of Reddit, what did you do to finally make friends?"
"funny"	"I like to..."
"askreddit"	"Scottish people of Reddit who voted Conservative - why? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"Healthy people of Reddit, what is your morning ritual?"
"the_donald"	"White Racism = Good, Black Racism = Bad"
"askreddit"	"Couples that use an excessive amount of emojis when texting, why?"
"the_donald"	"Socialist who hides money from government and who buys synthetic amphetamines with bitcoin wants to fight."
"askreddit"	"Of all the actors and actresses in all the TV series that you can think of, who would you like to have a one night intimate relationship with?"
"askreddit"	"How and when has playing the antagonist negatively impacted an actor's career?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you loved as a kid, that you now dislike?"
"the_donald"	"Press Briefing with Press Secretary Sean Spicer"
"pics"	"Tivoli Gardens by night, Copenhagen."
"askreddit"	"How does God play a role in your life?"
"the_donald"	"Busted: Obama Created the Brain Dead Anti-FA movement using Pentagon's 'Minerva Initiative'"
"the_donald"	"r mods asleep? why no daily spice stickied?"
"askreddit"	"College graduates of Reddit, if you got a trade job instead, how's that going for you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst case of road rage you've ever seen or been a part of?"
"askreddit"	"What's the flimsiest excuse you've ever heard a supervisor give for firing an employee?"
"funny"	"My puppy takes his time getting off the couch"
"the_donald"	"We could've had it all"
"askreddit"	"If you had a clock that would countdown to any event of your choosing, what event would you want it to count down to?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best subreddits for browsing at work?"
"funny"	"Too soon?"
"worldnews"	"The extraordinary ways in which China humiliates Muslims"
"pics"	"My dad made this for his tree-trimming buddy who is set to retire after 30 years of service. He made it of an old Stihl chainsaw and some random pieces thrown in."
"pics"	"Be sure not to buy the water bottles with the yellow cup in front of it because it has low PH Balance and is advertised high. They lied. The blue cups are high and on point! Don't be fooled by big corpo do your research! Who would have thought?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What determines happiness? What determines success? How can one balance the two?"
"the_donald"	"Is this sub a meme?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Reddit, what is something in your life that needs fixing, but the only thing you can do is try to accept it?"
"gaming"	"Attack of clans[1735x976]"
"funny"	"I made this to send out to all the great moms I know. In case you were looking for heart warming card ideas..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How do you stop caring about saying the right thing?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite free game?"
"gaming"	"What are the first things to do with a new PS4?"
"the_donald"	"Let's show our love for based Jon Daly! Congrats on your first Champion's Tour win in over a decade. Isn't it amazing how people that support The Donald tend to win?"
"the_donald"	"So, the Fakers sold Macaroni and spoiled Goat Cheese. When will the French start vomiting, and lining up at the Macron's Obamacare Emergency?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst present you have ever been given?"
"the_donald"	"Hey Brigaders, Brexit happened and you couldn't do a thing to stop it!"
"the_donald"	"r/marchagaisnttrump continue to push homophobic comments"
"askreddit"	"What are some things that would be way more awesome if their names were actually what they were?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of music does everyone listen to throughout their work day?"
"programming"	"Akamai Connector for Varnish out of beta"
"askreddit"	"Which sport do you want to take-up and learn this summer?"
"askreddit"	"If you could solve everybody's personal problem, who´s problem would you then ignore?"
"the_donald"	"Wear a Bikini near a Muslim, get fined $3,500. Way to go Italy. France, your next."
"the_donald"	"WH will release wave of federal court nominees later today , says @PressSec. 2 come from Trump '16 list of potential.Supreme Ct. Nominees - @johngizzi"
"gaming"	"[MAME] 요가요가요가프레임 스트리트 파이터2 달심 / YogaYogaYogaFlame Street Fighter 2 Dhalsim"
"askreddit"	"What song would be the most difficult to sing all the words to?"
"the_donald"	"Ooh La La!? We tried to help! Sad."
"askreddit"	"What would you do in the event that the US was invaded like in the original Red Dawn movie?"
"funny"	"Crazy man yells at train."
"pics"	"Fields in Sabaudia, Italy."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] In what ways has religious belief/observance improved your life?"
"the_donald"	"Why did we suddenly stop discussing Macron's email leak?"
"the_donald"	"OMG guys im LITERALLY SHAKING RIGHT NOW when I realized the acronym LBGT is transphobic because it implies you are gay or bi for the same gender but there aren't just two genders because theres over 70 genders so I think the nazis are right mixed IS beautiful and the rainbow is hatefullagghh!!!💥💥"
"askreddit"	"Personal Assistants of reddit, how do you go about advertising for your services?"
"askreddit"	"What question do you wish Siri could answer?"
"askreddit"	"Why cant you give a LPT about driving in the subreddit?"
"gaming"	"Overwatch in a nutshell"
"the_donald"	"Highlights of the Le Pen vs Macron TV debate (subtitles)"
"askreddit"	"What are some music lyrics you've almost always misheard?"
"worldnews"	"Stephen Fry blasphemy probe dropped after gardaí [Irish Police] fail to find 'substantial number of outraged people'"
"the_donald"	"No, Maliks brother did not \"warn\" Trump about hiring Flynn. This is more fake news."
"askreddit"	"Frequent travellers of reddit, what are some tips should we all know?"
"funny"	"What have we done?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, What is Your Most Awkward First Time Sex Memory?"
"askreddit"	"What is the lamest and/or dumbest reason you've ever heard of someone calling out from work?"
"the_donald"	"Florida set to make changes to ‘stand your ground’"
"the_donald"	"Really interesting excerpt from this article. It's so nice to see President Trump sticking to his campaign rhetoric, even in the face of the Swamp trying to get him to change it."
"askreddit"	"What songs do you listen to when you need strength to carry on?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time and give armies modern day weapons, what weapons would you give what army?"
"the_donald"	"Free the children of the oppressed!"
"pics"	"A messenger dog leaps over a German trench during the First World War, 1915"
"pics"	"Never ending road."
"askreddit"	"When was the first time you loved?"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit, have you ever slapped a bitch? Why?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your favorite Ninja Turtle?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most uncomfortable situation you've been in that could've come straight from the office?"
"askreddit"	"The US is now going to have a Co-Presidency - which 2 individuals do you want leading the Free World?"
"worldnews"	"Pyongyang claims US bribed North Korean citizen who had contacts with South Korean intelligence to kill its leader-claiming the US intelligence agency had bribed a North Korean citizen, named only as Kim, to carry out the plot."
"the_donald"	"Texas is Leading The Way! Sanctuary Cities Subject to ‘Stiffest Penalties in America,’ Says Texas Governor"
"gaming"	"The latest update for Sniper: Ghost Warrior 3 corrupted save data, CI Games working on it"
"the_donald"	"FBI investigating Jane Sanders for alleged bank fraud: report."
"funny"	"This Guy Can’t Stop Photoshopping Himself Into Kendall Jenner’s Instagram Pics"
"funny"	"The perfect candle for any occasion!"
"gaming"	"The Volskaya Bottleneck Maneuver never works. (x-posted /r/overwatch)"
"the_donald"	"New Jersey Man Charged With Attempting to Provide Material Support to ISIS"
"the_donald"	"U.S., Romanian Engineers Build Firing Range"
"askreddit"	"Why did google fred update hit content based websites ??"
"askreddit"	"Adults of reddit, what has your mum told you off for?"
"gaming"	"The Last of Us Alternate Ending"
"the_donald"	"I'm a new Pede who came from the far left but began liking Trump since he took office and started taking on the establishment. My question is, which news publications minimize untruths to the greatest extent to you? Much appreciated."
"the_donald"	"France logic: \"If we give them what they want they will leave us alone\". One would think after doing this exact thing multiple times in the past, they would have figured out by now this doesn't work ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
"worldnews"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top"
"the_donald"	"Spicer TROUNCES false narrative by pointing out if Obama was so concerned about Flynn to warn Trump, why did the Obama administration not only renew his security clearance, but also fail to take steps to revoke it prior to Jan 20th?"
"askreddit"	"Daydreamers of Reddit, what are you daydreaming about?"
"programming"	"Free Interactive Course - Understanding Flexbox: Everything you need to know"
"the_donald"	"I will post this every day until Congress approves funding for our wall... MR. PRESIDENT, BUILD THAT WALL"
"askreddit"	"If you had a pill that granted you 24 hours of photographic memories that you could hold on to forever, what would you do?"
"gaming"	"What is your favorite game? My vote goes for Injustice 2!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] redditors old enough to remember Watergate - how did the country's response to the early days of that scandal differ from the current (potential) Russia/Trump scandal?"
"gaming"	"Moo."
"the_donald"	"Hasten, my fellow pedes. See what help lies in store for les deplorables. See what woe awaits those who aim to oppress us. GOD IS WITH US. No doubt!"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit that didn't listen and stuck your dick in crazy, what happened?"
"worldnews"	"Lavrov will meet Tillerson in Washington DC to talk Syria &amp; Ukraine on May 10"
"askreddit"	"[serious] people who piss or shit on public bathroom floors, or purposely create a huge mess...why?"
"programming"	"Engineer ejected from Kubernetes for violating its code of conduct"
"the_donald"	"LIVE: Sally Yates and James Clapper Testify in Senate About Russian Interference - (4:30 EST)"
"askreddit"	"Why does the alt-right (r/thedonald) have such a problem with the European Union?"
"the_donald"	"So glad I invested in Pepe before the Great Memories Wars. Starting to see some amazing return!"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who remained friends with an ex, how did you do it?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite idiom?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best house party story?"
"gaming"	"The Last of Us Alternate Ending"
"the_donald"	"He cucks, he has risen. Praise KEK! 🐸"
"askreddit"	"What's the most annoying question you get on a regular basis?"
"askreddit"	"What book turned you into a lifelong reader?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite out-of-context phrase/quote?"
"pics"	"Spider-Man at a protest in Puerto Rico"
"askreddit"	"What game title would you change to make it more realistic?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most ironic death you can think of, real or fictional?"
"the_donald"	"Was The French Election Stolen Or Do They Just Love Being Cucks?"
"askreddit"	"What would happen if the west coast of the USA sank into the earth due to an earthquake or tsunami?"
"funny"	"Thanks technology"
"the_donald"	"It begins!"
"the_donald"	"A REAL Feminist... Senator Pauline Hanson exposes Islam &amp; speaks TRUTH about muslims in Australia!"
"pics"	"Portrait Mode"
"askreddit"	"If you had 24 hours to personally do as much good in your community as you possibly could, with no limitations of resources, what would you do?"
"funny"	"Yass! OMG cute af!!! 💯💋👸💅"
"worldnews"	"Hungary's president urges civility in political discourse"
"programming"	"AI learns to generate Mozart, Beethoven, Ragtime piano music"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you laughed, and why?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you miss about your younger self?"
"pics"	"This frog looks like concrete"
"askreddit"	"What's the most serious clause you've read on a contract?"
"pics"	"2 ponies i've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share :)"
"askreddit"	"What important information wouldn't you remember if you traveled back in time to when you were 5 years old?"
"askreddit"	"What gives you secondhand embarrassment?"
"askreddit"	"You're about to be put to death and it's time for your last meal, what do you choose?"
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch worth the buy?"
"funny"	"Ad placement: What are you trying to say about my mom?"
"pics"	"Grandpa Escorting a Column of Surrendering Troops. Happy V-E Day!"
"pics"	"So you were surprised by a gift painting of your dog? I got one too. Meet Kitty!"
"gaming"	"Shy Guy 50cc Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Epi 10"
"askreddit"	"Why am I sometimes unable to view replies on my comments section?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the biggest plot twist as far as current events go?"
"programming"	"My Heroku Values"
"the_donald"	"How DOES she manage to look 84 when she's only 64?"
"askreddit"	"What TV/Movie character was portrayed so well that you couldn't help but love/hate them?"
"askreddit"	"If reddit were a country, Who would be in charge and what would be the most reported crimes?"
"gaming"	"One Small Step For Man | Prey (2017)"
"the_donald"	"We are being brigaded! Post things that Trigger Liberals! Look at this picture closely! Its trigger-ception!"
"askreddit"	"Pro- and anti-Trump Redditors, what is something that would make you reverse or weaken your opinion of him?"
"askreddit"	"Gamers of Reddit, what are fun games for only 2 players?"
"askreddit"	"I don't know how to hold a conversation"
"the_donald"	"Prof: House GOP ‘should be lined up and shot’"
"the_donald"	"Contradictory Information: Florida set to make changes to ‘stand your ground’ Can somebody explain WTF this new legislation actually means?"
"the_donald"	"Warren Buffett On The Trump Train Now - Says Americans are Roadkill For Free Trade"
"askreddit"	"What plot twists happened in real-life murder mysteries?"
"askreddit"	"Are there people that downvote everything they possibly can? Why?"
"askreddit"	"when was the last time you went to the cinema?"
"askreddit"	"Coming home from college as recently single. Where is a good place to find classy, smart, respectable women?"
"askreddit"	"Your funniest or most awkward flirting experiences?"
"funny"	"Stop now, ma'am"
"pics"	"Is Selena Gomez actually a Monchichi?"
"askreddit"	"Best Time Killer At Work What do you guys do to kill time at work with just a computer at hand? Assume that you could be seen by coworkers walking by but that nobody is necessarily breathing down your neck."
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest unconventional fear?"
"askreddit"	"Which songs do you feel were written just for you?"
"funny"	"lol it was a green"
"funny"	"That's racist, Google"
"the_donald"	"Roger Stone To Name Names Of Traitors In The Whitehouse"
"askreddit"	"What are some life wisdom things people learn as they get older that were delirious of before?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest thing you did as a child?"
"askreddit"	"Introverted, depressed, trans gender, athiest antivaxxers of Reddit, what side of the bed do you sleep on?"
"gaming"	"Finally made room for roomscale VR"
"the_donald"	"Two doctors murdered in Boston, and not a peep from the media on this huge case. One look at the suspect will tell you why... Shhh, do not upvote!!"
"the_donald"	"Rape is a pre-existing condition!"
"askreddit"	"Introverts, what admittedly ridiculous things have you done (or do regularly) to avoid interacting with someone?"
"askreddit"	"Frequent flyers of Reddit, what is the most beautiful/interesting thing you have seen from a plane?"
"askreddit"	"What makes a dank meme dank?"
"the_donald"	"Can someone help me? I'm supposed to deliver hard drugs to some buyer at the French Parliament building, but I forgot his name! Can anyone tell me who this man is?"
"funny"	"Check out my kids"
"askreddit"	"If you can convince the the Earth's population to completely agree on one thing you will become the ruler of all, what do you propose?"
"askreddit"	"What is a band you used to really like until they unfortunately \"sold out\"?"
"the_donald"	"The Big Game - an Ant's eye view. Musings on why TPTB are so keen on Muslim takeover of Western culture."
"the_donald"	"Hey r/all, does this trigger you?"
"askreddit"	"Dear Americans who of you heard about lunch shaming and what do you think about it?"
"askreddit"	"What weird habits you or someone else is aware of?"
"pics"	"Enjoying the sunshine at Australia"
"askreddit"	"What actor or actress has the biggest difference between the role they're typecast as and how they are in real life?"
"askreddit"	"Who is (or was) your favourite dictator or real life super villain?"
"askreddit"	"Fellow redditors, What is your favorite song that is popular?"
"gaming"	"[Skyrim] Picking the right pulley"
"askreddit"	"The Witcher 3; what makes this stand out from other games in its genre?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Programmers of reddit, I'm taking my first programming class in college in the fall, any suggestions or tools I can use in my free time to give me a head start?"
"askreddit"	"Autistic females of Reddit: where have you found love and friendship?"
"worldnews"	"Car bomb hits Mogadishu cafe, killing 5, say Somalia police"
"the_donald"	"Feels like fake news man."
"askreddit"	"Given your line of work, what is something you wish people knew?"
"the_donald"	"Don't see droves of the right violently protesting the French election results yelling not our president... It's almost like we respect the results and don't like to act like children pissed they didn't get their way."
"askreddit"	"Identical Twins of Reddit, what is like to date?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is one of your biggest regrets?"
"the_donald"	"The real reason why Le Pen didn't win (honest post with discussion)"
"askreddit"	"What city is the Tokyo of America?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best song of the past five years?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's wrong if a co-worker made margarita (little bit of alcohol) cupcakes and brought it to work?"
"askreddit"	"If you could travel back in time to see an artist/group perform, who would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What left-wing conspiracy do you not agree with?"
"askreddit"	"Why are white people evil?"
"worldnews"	"Flooding Forces Evacuations in Canada"
"askreddit"	"What is favortism at it's finest with your employer lately?"
"askreddit"	"Are there any individuals(not corporations) who want to remove net neutrality? What is the personal benefit you see from it?"
"askreddit"	"How would the world look If random objects like a piano fell from the sky every time someone died?"
"askreddit"	"What company are you boycotting, and why?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump: I'm Looking Forward to 'Wonderful and Productive' Trip to Jewish State"
"askreddit"	"What should everybody know?"
"funny"	"No one blocks doorways like caston!"
"worldnews"	"Trump administration hollows out EPA science integrity board"
"the_donald"	"Pepe can never die. S h a d i l a y brothers. Have some KEKWave."
"askreddit"	"What was the first moment you realized your parents were only human?"
"askreddit"	"What job would be the worst to \"take work home with you\"?"
"gaming"	"No trailer will ever be as dramatic as the Killzone 3 trailer."
"the_donald"	"WINNING! Pratt Industries Executive Chairman Anthony Pratt pledges to invest $2 BILLION in U.S. manufacturing due to POTUS \"Great Leadership\". #MAGA"
"askreddit"	"Somali American Redditors, what do you think about Trump shitting on us during his campaign?"
"worldnews"	"Buffett criticizes United and its CEO over dragging incident"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst job you ever had?"
"askreddit"	"How much do you usually tip your barber/stylist?"
"funny"	"Accident."
"the_donald"	"Getting some Pepe Weekend flashbacks. SHADILAY!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What age range do you personally consider young for a human?"
"askreddit"	"If religion never existed, how much closer would we be to world peace today?"
"askreddit"	"What movie classic would be considered a bad movie if you only watched the first 15 minutes?"
"funny"	"Literal interpretation from Viz"
"worldnews"	"ACLU sues for documents in Yemen raid that killed Navy SEAL"
"the_donald"	"MTV's First Two Gender-Neutral Acting Prizes are Won by TWO WOMEN!?!?!?!"
"the_donald"	"COMMENT FROM POPULAR FEMINIST WHO DEBATED JONTRON'S STEAM. THIS IS WHO THESE PEOPLE ARE!"
"pics"	"Nap time!"
"pics"	"Ulm from the air"
"askreddit"	"Women: How do you afford getting your nails done every 2-4 weeks?"
"askreddit"	"Somali-Americans of Reddit, what was your reaction when Trump targeted us during his campaign?"
"askreddit"	"When did you realize you loved your partner(s)?"
"askreddit"	"Which celebrity/celebrities have you met that were actually horrible?"
"worldnews"	"Mattis: US reviewing Syria safe zones but has many questions"
"askreddit"	"If colleges has slogans what would they be?"
"pics"	"Photo I took a few months ago in Charleston, SC."
"askreddit"	"What's the 2016 movie that everybody liked, except you ?"
"funny"	"Not sure if i Should eat it"
"the_donald"	"New York Times Surprised to Learn Legal Immigrants Oppose Sanctuary Laws: \"offering sanctuary to people who came to the country illegally devalued their own past struggles to gain citizenship.\""
"askreddit"	"What song or soundtrack gives you an eargasm?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the name of your group text with your buddies and why?"
"askreddit"	"Harvard graduates of Reddit, what is something they don't teach you at Harvard that they should?"
"the_donald"	"72 years ago today we beat the Nazis and freed Europe!!! It's V-E Day!!"
"the_donald"	"What if this happened to your mom, grandma, sister, daughter, etc??? Unbelievable."
"askreddit"	"Are you optimistic or pessimistic about the future? Why?"
"funny"	"DJ Khaled - I'm the One (Abridged)"
"gaming"	"Accidentally restarted my nearly 1k score in \"ballz\""
"askreddit"	"If you grew up speaking spanish and english, how do your thoughts sound or are they in spanglish?"
"the_donald"	"I KNOW HOW TO WIN THIS WAR! I cracked the code!"
"askreddit"	"What are some unique/relatively inexpensive ideas for prom?"
"funny"	"Thanks technology"
"funny"	"These posts right next to each other"
"the_donald"	"Pedogate: US Government works in cahoots with Pedophiles to hack For, gives them immunity. Lock Them Up."
"askreddit"	"What's the difference between having a fetish and having a type?"
"funny"	"Well, here we go ag-"
"the_donald"	"It's pretty pathetic how /r/[REDACTED]discussion allows questions concerning sexism when it comes to Hillary Clinton, but not when it comes to Marine LePen . . ."
"pics"	"When you're 6'5\" and the aviation gods love you!"
"askreddit"	"What restaurant/shop/store do you always see but have never been to?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the best thing you can do to improve yourself for others to find you attractive?"
"askreddit"	"What have you done that you're not proud of?"
"askreddit"	"How many of your friends have I killed?"
"askreddit"	"What's something guys and girls both do that they're unaware of?"
"funny"	"Kroger is a lie"
"funny"	"My cousin this past Halloween, dressed as an eyeball. He really likes science."
"worldnews"	"Obama warned Trump about Flynn, former officials say"
"the_donald"	"Shariablue beta cucks keep downvoting this image. They obviously have no problem with illegal immigrants leeching off of their nation! Sad!"
"askreddit"	"What is your stance on polygamy?"
"askreddit"	"Musicians and singers of reddit, what advice would you give a young musician/ singer that is afraid of employment difficulties?"
"funny"	"The Power of Makeup"
"gaming"	"Skyrim or Horizon?"
"pics"	"In Russel square and saw this artwork on a telephone box"
"funny"	"Purple Mattress Powder Challenge."
"the_donald"	"Feminists like to keep their organization skills sharp between protests....."
"the_donald"	"ITS SO BEAUTIFUL"
"funny"	"Freedom"
"askreddit"	"How many of you give teacher appreciation gifts AND end of the year gifts to your kids' teachers?"
"the_donald"	"You stood behind an outsider and took control of your democracy, now protect net neutrality so you can continue to do so."
"askreddit"	"What foods should pregnant women avoid?"
"gaming"	"License plate I saw on my way into work the other day."
"the_donald"	"So why is the banner more generic and less american?"
"askreddit"	"Why can comments or post replies sometimes not be viewed?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most unfortunate situation where you had to pee but couldn't? Or actually did?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you're notably passionate about, but suck at nonetheless?"
"worldnews"	"Trump Reveals 10 Judicial Nominees"
"the_donald"	"Islam"
"gaming"	"MRW my teammate blows the enemy team 1v5"
"the_donald"	"Some liberal subreddit took a screenshot of you guys talking about how you would defend this country and France... they made fun of you guys, I tried to bring up how you can be as patriotic as you like, the \"tolerant left\" showed me how tolerant they really are. Here is the posts and comments of one"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the craziest historical events that would pass for crappy Deus Ex Machina if made into a movie?"
"askreddit"	"What's a feeling or sensation that you cannot stand?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the strongest design for a toothpick bridge so it is structurally the strongest and have a high load weight to bridge weight ratio?"
"funny"	"I learned Italian for her."
"gaming"	"Skydiving Bug in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3"
"the_donald"	"There will now be mass immigration to France from the US (there won't be)"
"askreddit"	"What would be the biggest plot twist as far as current events go?"
"funny"	"License plate I saw on my way into work the other day. Cross-post /r/gaming"
"the_donald"	"What lie will Sally Yates tell at the hearing?"
"the_donald"	"Relax liberals, your first female president is coming soon"
"the_donald"	"Look at all the whites at the ACA/PPA signing!"
"pics"	"Missiles in the mountains"
"pics"	"The internet said to tape off a square on the floor and your kiddies will sit in it..."
"askreddit"	"People that live in big touristic centres (Italy, cities in Europe, etc.), how do you deal with all the tourists constantly being in your home town?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, let's play the name game, what are you bringing to the party?"
"askreddit"	"If humans were to completely go extinct what animal would have the best chance to become the new globally dominant species?"
"askreddit"	"Are there any species of plants which puts the forests needs before their own?"
"askreddit"	"What do you hate the most about your home city/town?"
"the_donald"	"^ (the banner) is the reason why I love this sub!"
"the_donald"	"Feinstein Says There is No Evidence of Collusion Between Trump Associates and Russia"
"the_donald"	"Bill Nye's Latest Video Is So Oh Oh Oh"
"the_donald"	"AegisNavyVeteran"
"pics"	"Roaming the streets of Amsterdam at night and found this guy watching over his neighborhood"
"askreddit"	"bi or tri-lingual Redditors, how long did it take to be able to fluently think in a foreign language?"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite SCP entries?"
"pics"	"Bugs point of view"
"pics"	"Rusted rails"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Divorced members of reddit. What were the fist steps you took toward getting divorced? What do you wish you had done different?"
"the_donald"	"Still dickin'"
"the_donald"	"Washington Post Article Refers to Trump as \"current White House occupant\" but Refers to Obama as \"Fomer president\""
"askreddit"	"Can you explain why a product in your industry is a better value even though it's much more expensive?"
"askreddit"	"What movie that you loved as a kid do you think is fucked up now?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have given two weeks notice: what did you say to avoid hurt feelings from your boss/ Manager?"
"askreddit"	"What could you put in place of \"Pin The Tail On The Donkey\" for an adult event to make it funny?"
"the_donald"	"I Found a Government Assisted Human Trafficking Front?!?1"
"askreddit"	"Are there any scientists who say that living in Tokyo since the Fukushima nuclear disaster is not good for your health?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest/most ridiculous thing you've ever done while high?"
"funny"	"decearing egg..."
"the_donald"	"North Korea just made their worse threat yet, and it directly involves President Trump: directly threatening to “blow up” the White House"
"the_donald"	"Vice is fake news. Attack!!!!!!!"
"pics"	"Found a giraffe at the drive thru this morning"
"worldnews"	"Business coalition: Trump tax plan 'will spark an economic boom'"
"the_donald"	"The 2016 County-level results that got Donald Trump elected as the 45th President of the United States. Reddit hates seeing this."
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump: Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… https://t.co/ohXXgTNtWB"
"the_donald"	"CONGRESS HOLDING “SECRET MEETINGS” TO PULL ULTIMATE DIRTY MOVE AGAINST TRUMP!"
"the_donald"	"Just a reminder that the Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated our Government during Obama's administration and is still not designated as a terrorist organization"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the average person's life goal and why?"
"askreddit"	"Which animals have been photographed that are now extinct?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who were fired but knew it was coming before it happened, what/who tipped you off?"
"askreddit"	"On which date should a couple first have sex?"
"funny"	"Weight Watchers notes look like the rules to a game I'd be a high scorer at"
"the_donald"	"Pepe can never be killed, he is ours!"
"the_donald"	"Evacuation of Foreign Mercenaries starts in Barzeh Syria"
"funny"	"Reposters"
"the_donald"	"Obongo the hypocrite is back!"
"askreddit"	"What did you get away with as a child that children now would definitely get caught for?"
"worldnews"	"Obama warned Trump against Flynn as national security adviser."
"pics"	"My new pound coin broke."
"askreddit"	"Teachers of reddit, whats the smartest thing you've seen a student do?"
"the_donald"	"IRONY: Crooked Hillary rejoices after woman loses French Presidency"
"pics"	"Go home Brookstone, you're gross."
"pics"	"The Gallic Method"
"askreddit"	"At what age are/ did you quit trick-or-treating/ Christmas presents/ Easter bunny?"
"askreddit"	"What was a time where you were happy to be wrong?"
"worldnews"	"Nun arrested for helping priests sexually abuse deaf children in Argentina."
"programming"	"libuv thread communication"
"the_donald"	"Let's forget France. They turned their back on us. They're against us now! Poland needs our support. The whole EU is going to go after them for not accepting refugees. DEFEND POLAND!"
"the_donald"	"Trump stands with Pepe"
"askreddit"	"What non-domesticated/wild animal would you want as a companion for as long as you're alive?"
"the_donald"	"Do You Remember The Promise Mia Khalifa Made About Donald Trump's"
"the_donald"	"If Dems knew all along Flynn was shady &amp; criticize Trump for missing \"red flags\" - why did Obama renew Flynn's security clearance in 2016?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE!"
"askreddit"	"What are the pros and cons of becoming an Electrical Engineering Technician ?"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicer: .@POTUS following thru on promise to appoint respected judges who will defend the Constitution with 10 add'l picks. https://t.co/Ryek7gOL20"
"the_donald"	"Hypocrite Obongo is back doing what he loves: Meddling in political issues he has no part in!"
"the_donald"	"It's really unfortunate. I wouldn't mind the idea of a \"one world government\" except that it's"
"askreddit"	"What does your family do better than others?"
"funny"	"Spotted in NJ"
"askreddit"	"Who's the biggest douchebag in the history of mankind?"
"gaming"	"Welcome... to Jurassic Park"
"worldnews"	"Obama warned Trump against Flynn as national security adviser citing Russian ties."
"the_donald"	"Ah crap"
"askreddit"	"Redditors with IBS, is it as bad as it sounds? Also, what was that one moment where you just knew?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Redditors, What do you think are some thought-provoking/interesting research questions or topics that you'd like to hear about in a TedX talk?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have committed serious crimes but were never caught. How are you currently living with yourself and are there any feelings of remorse?"
"worldnews"	"North Korea Successfully launches two missiles."
"the_donald"	"Where's the Macron emails and leaks? Or was nothing found? Swept under the carpet?"
"the_donald"	"Great Job Mods on The Pepe Design!!!"
"pics"	"I was taking pictures of my dog in front a window and it looks like he's in a photoshoot"
"askreddit"	"What activity/thing you managed to stick to the longest?"
"worldnews"	"Nun arrested for allegedly abusing deaf children and helping priests abuse them as well in Argentina"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Married people who cheated, why did you cheat?"
"askreddit"	"What is a simple thing most people are bad at which, if someone could help them get a little better at it, could improve their quality of life?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite under rated YouTube channel?"
"the_donald"	"MUST WATCH🚨: Farm owners are being ran off their own property by armed Mexican gangs! &lt;-- SPREAD THIS if you think it's time to build the wall! 🇺🇸🇺🇸"
"the_donald"	"Just had to say I'm not having a super great day"
"the_donald"	"#SAA repelled #ISIS terrorists' offensive in Salamiyah outskirts, in the Northeastern countryside of #Hama #Syria 08.05.2017"
"the_donald"	"Obama warned of Flynn after election: reports Just hit the news today? how convenient ...Hahahahahaha NBC LOSERS"
"askreddit"	"What things do you wanna do before you die?"
"worldnews"	"Captivity conditions for whales and dolphins set to improve in France"
"funny"	"can't help doing that"
"the_donald"	"T_D's take on the Islamic Schism: Shia VS Sunni"
"the_donald"	"If the left got their way, basic training would be like this so that nobody would get their feelings hurt...."
"pics"	"Daytime moon and skyline in Downtown Los Angeles. This place will chew you up and spit you out but it sure is pretty."
"pics"	"Tom from Myspace is now a photographer. This one is in Bagan, Burma"
"askreddit"	"Humble residents of Reddit, what has been the most terrifying encounter you have had with a insect, animal or a bug?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest reason that you, or someone you've known, has gotten laid off?"
"the_donald"	"Ah crap"
"pics"	"GoPro capture of sealion swimming past me, La Jolla, SD (OC) (720x405)"
"askreddit"	"What's your best piece of high school gossip"
"askreddit"	"Does Christianity hurt women's rights?"
"askreddit"	"What vacation destination is best for a bro trip(3-5 males, late 20s)?"
"worldnews"	"Nun charged for helping priests sexually abuse deaf children"
"the_donald"	"Shocking"
"askreddit"	"You have 20 apples in a basket. 20 children come to you and each one of them ask for an apple. You want to give all the apples to each one of them, but still keep one inside the basket? How will you do it?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the best perk of your job?"
"askreddit"	"My mum and dad didn't get anywhere with it. What are your/people you know experiences with marriage counselling and was it helpful?"
"askreddit"	"What superstitions (or old wives' tales, etc) do you definitely not believe, but still sometimes follow anyway?"
"worldnews"	"Hill investigations on Russia run into hurdles"
"the_donald"	"🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸"
"pics"	"Ice Road"
"askreddit"	"What do you need to apologize for but haven't gotten the chance?"
"funny"	"✌"
"the_donald"	"#ClintonPattersonBookTitles"
"funny"	"Gotta love twitter"
"worldnews"	"Amazon.com : American Flag, US Flag, 100% Made in the USA, 3x5 Flag,"
"askreddit"	"What will we never run out of?"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"the_donald"	"We're either getting downvoted by bots or people sitting on /new. Either way, the opposition is pathetic."
"the_donald"	"Kellyanne Conway: RT @FoxNews: On \"FOX &amp; Friends Weekend,\" @KellyannePolls talked about @HillaryClinton and those calling themselves \"… https://t.co/emgZjIxp3g"
"askreddit"	"Is it possible that dark matter is just a gravitational artifact of a massive object in a nearby parallel universe?"
"the_donald"	"Fake News"
"the_donald"	"In 26 years in office, Maxine Waters has been named the most corrupt member of Congress 4 times &amp; passed just 3 bills. I say it all and much more:"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of people who believe in the reptilian conspiracy theory ?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is your favorite mobile RPG or card game for either the App Store or Play Store?"
"funny"	"My wife and I know more about baby shower cards than...than the generals, ok? Believe me."
"gaming"	"But didn't you have a gun?"
"the_donald"	"MRW I realized that liberals keep supporting crooks...Obama, Hillary, and now Macron. Feels bad man."
"the_donald"	"New Job Monday!! Right across the street from Daddy's Chicago home."
"pics"	"Naptime"
"askreddit"	"What are the most misunderstood quotes?"
"askreddit"	"Do most musicians hate their own music?"
"askreddit"	"Is it acceptable to watch porn while in a relationship?"
"pics"	"Alpine Skier Crossing a Frozen Lake"
"askreddit"	"What color is the scent of the blue weeping of violets?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst day of your life and what made it so bad?"
"askreddit"	"What is Your Most Awkward Experience at Being Friendly to a Stranger?"
"worldnews"	"Top China schools test parents for IQ, ancestor’s grades and 'obesity' on enrollment"
"askreddit"	"What are the best non-NSFW feelings or experiances?"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump is turning liberals into conspiracy theorists: he's pushing them into a new level of insanity"
"the_donald"	"Picture hanging up in my government class"
"askreddit"	"What are some videos or documentaries of Sir David Attenborough that you would show to a person who hasn't known about him?"
"askreddit"	"What film do you adore that no one else seems to remember?"
"askreddit"	"How do you deal with a break up?"
"askreddit"	"Mods of Reddit, what are/were some of the most disturbing posts you've had to remove?"
"worldnews"	"Obama warned Trump about hiring Flynn"
"the_donald"	"QUICK POST POST PICTURES THAT OFFEND MUSLIMS/ ...dogs and bacon"
"funny"	"Laughing is the key to a healthy life. Leslie is the key to your home."
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"askreddit"	"If you could have one superpower that only benefited you specifically, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit what's your best joke?"
"worldnews"	"Trump congratulates France's Macron"
"the_donald"	"If Trump supporters are Nazis because we want to limit immigration, protect our borders and culture, and put America first...then the Japanese are Nazis, the Saudis are Nazis, the Brits and Australians are Nazis, the Poles, Czechs, and Hungarians are Nazis, and even Mexicans are Nazis."
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you were given $10,000 today?"
"askreddit"	"Why does throwing a lip make you need to poop?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] what is the creepiest thing that has happened to you?"
"askreddit"	"What's a urban legend from where you come from?"
"askreddit"	"Redditor's who work from home - what are your key discipline factors to enhance work efficiency?"
"askreddit"	"Whats a piece of reddit history every redditor should know about?"
"pics"	"Mom, Dad + Me"
"askreddit"	"What movie that you loved as a kid do you think is fucked up now?"
"askreddit"	"What was an infomercial toy/item that you wanted to buy as a kid?"
"the_donald"	"Someone should make a browser plugin that replaces mentions of Trump administration members with their equivalent counterparts from the Obama administration. Then we can do the \"We secretly replaced Carl the Cuck's normal news with spice, can he tell the difference?\" tests."
"askreddit"	"Cashiers of Reddit, what's the most interesting piece of currency you've come across at work?"
"funny"	"The perfect recipe"
"funny"	"keep it classy, flixter"
"the_donald"	"Outstanding rebuttal to SJW racism charges"
"the_donald"	"Vice President Pence Hosts Honor Flight Veterans"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"pics"	"My dog gets a bit of a static situation in the car"
"the_donald"	"Syrian Christians hold mass at Church of St. George in Syrian Army held Hama. Before the war there were 2 million Christians in Syria, 10% of the population, now thanks to ISIS and \"moderate rebels\" there are less than 500,000"
"askreddit"	"What was your, \"humans are amazing\" experience?"
"askreddit"	"Substitute teachers of Reddit, what's your best story?"
"askreddit"	"How does your boss annoy you ?"
"worldnews"	"Iran Test Fires High-Speed Torpedo"
"the_donald"	"I was kind of having a bad day today. After watching Commander Spicer ignore April Ryan and seeing her face twisting up in rage and indignation for 40 minutes cured me. Knowing she assumes its because muh raycism and not because she asks retarded questions is the cherry on top. Thanks Sean!!"
"askreddit"	"Who were some of the leaders in the meme movement?"
"worldnews"	"North Korea, ex-U.S. officials meet for informal talks"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who knew someone who fell into Alzheimer's, how did they cope with their changing ability as it set in?"
"funny"	"My fiancee is grading finals. I think this student really enjoyed the experience."
"funny"	"What fa(c)t checking Nicki's ass looks like:"
"the_donald"	"Hey, look who the bots posted to SubredditSimulator. God Emperor!"
"funny"	"Kevin Knows What's Up"
"funny"	"When someone won't shut up about Crossfit/being vegan"
"funny"	"Messi has a twin brother in Iran"
"the_donald"	"72 years ago, on this day, the National SOCIALIST German Worker's Party (NAZI) of Germany was defeated. Let us not forget the importance of this defeat. Had we not won, we would be living under supreme German rule today!"
"askreddit"	"How do you kill time at work?"
"funny"	"Vinter, summer and spring in one pic"
"funny"	"Amazing Teen Girl Kissing"
"the_donald"	"Croatia doesn't fuck around: Police beat the crap out of the refugees and forced them back to Serbia"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest thing an older relative said to you?"
"the_donald"	"Milo is banned for life on Twitter but Hunter Moore is welcomed back with open arms!"
"funny"	"playing with nerds"
"the_donald"	"This brave nation needs our support. They're under attack from the EU for not surrendering to foreign invaders."
"the_donald"	"Is Pepe dead?"
"askreddit"	"Did you have any classes in school where you spent the entire semester doing nothing, maybe from having a clueless substitute or a crazy teacher, etc?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors that graduated with a 'low' degree qualification, how does your career compare to your 'higher' qualified peers?"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Why do gay men appear to have a distinctly different inflection to their voice? Is it biological?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who've tried the Weight Watchers diet but couldn't do it, why not?"
"funny"	"Was making a quick trip to cvs. Wife said , \"Can you get me clear nail polish..... Don't worry, you'll see it.\""
"askreddit"	"Reddit, you get to accomplish one thing before you die. What is it?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good costumes for a penis?"
"the_donald"	"VIDEO: Declassified CIA secret weapon of assassination – The Heart Attack Gun!"
"the_donald"	"MSM tries to do this trick to you"
"askreddit"	"What subreddits are guaranteed to make you laugh?"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"the_donald"	"What other countries in Europe can I still visit? Besides Paris are there any other cities in France that are still okay to go?"
"askreddit"	"What's the purpose of capitalising letters?"
"askreddit"	"Foot fetishists of reddit, if you wanted to be stepped on/trampled, who would you ask?"
"askreddit"	"Which book do you think has the most enticing first chapter for someone who does not like to read?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have gone to North Korea, why did you go and what was the experience like?"
"the_donald"	"FINAL ELECTION RESULTS ARE IN: HERE'S A PICTURE OF THE MAN WHO WON"
"askreddit"	"Who was the most annoying person in any of your school/fitness classes and why?"
"funny"	"TOP 5 PICKUP LINES I'VE USED AT THE BARS (#2 works like a charm)"
"programming"	"Firebird JDBC driver: Jaybird 3.0.0 is released"
"the_donald"	"\"Germany surrendered in France 72 years ago yesterday, and France just surrendered to Germany yesterday. Interesting how that works out.\""
"askreddit"	"What's the strangest barber shop or hair salon conversation that you've partaken in?"
"askreddit"	"What small pleasures in life might some people never experience if they don't live in the same city/state/country as you?"
"the_donald"	"Macron, the Sarcoma of Europe"
"the_donald"	"Can we identify the location(s) of the dv bots? Reddit is letting them attack unhinged."
"askreddit"	"What are some of the loopholes to get more than three wishes from a genie who says, \"I will grant you only three wishes\"?"
"funny"	"Do you ever, while eating, look at your food and get a sad feeling realizing that it's not going to be enough to satiate your hunger?"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"askreddit"	"What TV character had the best laugh?"
"funny"	"Oh my..."
"the_donald"	"Let's show some love for based Jon Daly! Congrats on your win at the Insperity Invitational! Isn't it amazing how athletes that support The Donald tend to win?"
"pics"	"I had two, so I'd thought I'll line them up"
"askreddit"	"What tourist sites ARE worth the visit?"
"funny"	"Words with friends with benefits"
"the_donald"	"Based Buffet Bashing Bongo's Bad Bullshit"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest thing you've ever seen someone try to use as a status symbol?"
"the_donald"	"In appreciation of Pepe I made a MIDI remix of P.E.P.E. - Shadilay! I hope this triggers some libs"
"askreddit"	"What's your most unbelievable story from an Escape the Room game?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the most despicable thing you've done while horny?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What is one thing that you bought (cheap/expensive or in between) that was totally worth the money?"
"askreddit"	"When is it necessary to put spikes on your regular shoes such as running shoes?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst commercial ever appeared on TV?"
"worldnews"	"Brexit leads to surge in Brits wanting to learn new language, data finds"
"the_donald"	"OF COURSE HE'S DEFENDING IT! IT'S THE ONLY SUCCESSFUL THING HE'S DONE IN OFFICE ASIDE FROM FUNDING TERRORISTS AND OPENING OUR BORDERS!"
"the_donald"	"Now the Bathhouse Barry is back on US soil and meddling with our President, why is Trump allowing this? Why aren't charges being filed? We have evidence of conspiracy and wire-tapping, what is the hold up? I'm getting nervous that the deep state is starting to win."
"pics"	"Lake Bondhusvatnet, Norway"
"pics"	"beautiful reflection near blair atholl, scotland"
"askreddit"	"Women who get your nails done every 2-4 weeks- how do you afford it?"
"askreddit"	"If you could be any be any TV character, who would you be and why?"
"askreddit"	"How did marriage counselling go for you?"
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"the_donald"	"It's sad really"
"the_donald"	"Funny How It Never Occurs to Libs That If Obama Were So Great, a Democrat Would Be In Office RIGHT NOW!!!"
"the_donald"	"KAEPERNICK STILL JOBLESS!!!"
"askreddit"	"What was the last movie you really regretted paying for to see it ?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who live in, have lived in, or travelled to countries with Islamic law, what is it like?"
"askreddit"	"What do you love and hate at the same time?"
"funny"	"Bank Heist with Key then Peele"
"funny"	"Life imitates art"
"askreddit"	"What are some things that people do that is extremely wasteful?"
"the_donald"	"Based shower thought: The bots that seek to silence us are digital. Imagine if they were physical. Their master's mindset is highly dangerous."
"the_donald"	"Dear Brigaders"
"the_donald"	"Fake News BTFO!!! Liberals created a fake news page supposedly representing Fox News, citing Based Pence as saying Americans need \"JesusCare.\" I reported it as hate speech and the page was taken down. LOL!"
"askreddit"	"Which is your first favorite movie?"
"the_donald"	"\"There is no such thing as French culture\" - Macaroni. Let's use this quote to make Snopes look stupid."
"pics"	"Man in suburbia makes world's biggest spliff"
"the_donald"	"Fake news BTFO"
"pics"	"View from my window. Oban, Scotland"
"funny"	"The cure starts with you! Buy Now to save you later!"
"askreddit"	"What nickname describes the pope the best?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit have you ever seriously considered murdering someone, if so what were the circumstances?"
"the_donald"	"What illegal things has Macron done?"
"the_donald"	"TWO MINUTE WARNING to SALLY YATES"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What was the most embarrassing thing you've gone through ?"
"askreddit"	"Everyone remembers those songs from the 2000s that take you back, what are the movies from that era that take you back?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most disgusting habit?"
"worldnews"	"Yemen cholera outbreak kills 25 people in a week: WHO"
"the_donald"	"Same Asshole, Different shit"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest way your fast food order got messed up?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"askreddit"	"What's the one thing you *would* do the same?"
"askreddit"	"( NSFW ) Guy's of Reddit, where is weirdest most awkward place you've gotten a erection ?"
"askreddit"	"What are the shamelessly cheap things you do or have done?"
"funny"	"When you're not paying attention, and the teacher calls on you"
"askreddit"	"If humans were to go completely extinct what animal would most likely become the new globally dominant species and why?"
"the_donald"	"Even the NYT has a good piece every now and then..."
"askreddit"	"What special technique for giving oral sex sets you apart?"
"askreddit"	"We all make mistakes. What is the most expensive mistake you've ever made??"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"the_donald"	"\"Did I make you proud master?\""
"the_donald"	"Success on his mind no matter what age. Each year for him just means more winnings and way more energy. Luckily for us now the winnings are for the U.S and the people of the U.S."
"askreddit"	"How would you deal with widespread famine?"
"funny"	"He does exist..."
"worldnews"	"Suicide bomber kills at eight in Somalia"
"askreddit"	"What's the difference between erotic and kinky?"
"askreddit"	"Dear Reddit, when do you downvote?"
"the_donald"	"Computer modeling simulates France in 10 yrs."
"the_donald"	"Paris today? Actually this is New York City!! Our fight to MAGA is only just beginning.Stay focused!!"
"the_donald"	"A visual comparison of the 2016 election map &amp; the location of sanctuary cities. What a coincidence!"
"askreddit"	"Pranksters of Reddit, what is the best prank you have ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Those who did well in university/college, any advice for us just starting out ? and how did you do it ?"
"askreddit"	"How did you figure out what job you wanted to do for the rest of your life?"
"the_donald"	"Hey mods, savior of all mankind is alive."
"askreddit"	"What is the most improbable thing you have survived or walked away from relatively unscathed?"
"the_donald"	"Surely the GOP is trying to kill me!"
"askreddit"	"Does Michael and pickle rhyme, and why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"People who have read the terms and conditions agreement, what does it say?"
"gaming"	"My birthday and the weekly tuesday PSN store update aline tomorrow!"
"the_donald"	"WEW LAD: Antifa 'studied' as part of Obama's DoD project called 'Minerva Initiative'. \"Does that violate the owl/minerva rule?\""
"the_donald"	"Don't let Verizon take away the unfiltered internet!"
"the_donald"	"I REALLY HATE ALL THIS CLICK BAIT!!!!"
"funny"	"Meanwhile in Germany"
"the_donald"	"They Fell For It"
"askreddit"	"If you had access to unlimited time travel capabilities, but every time you travel, you have to take a dump exactly in the spot you traveled back in, where would you go and how would it go for you?"
"the_donald"	"LIVE: Sally Yates Testifies to Congress on Michael Flynn, Trump, and Russia"
"askreddit"	"How did George Lucas get the budget to film the first Star Wars when it was supposed to be a B movie?"
"the_donald"	"We should fight FCC! Rally the troops!"
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"the_donald"	"Live photo of violent Alt-righters tearing up Paris streets after their loss!! #NotOurPresident Someone bring the pussy hats!!"
"askreddit"	"How do you kill time at your work computer?"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"the_donald"	"Antifa comes for Proud Boys' coffee and MAGA hats, leaves with bruises"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"funny"	"Written from the viewpoint of a past lover"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest video that is less than ten seconds long?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the best examples of revenge is a dish best served cold?"
"funny"	"Who put sugar in the gas tank?"
"askreddit"	"Hi, I am getting my wisdom teeth taken out and can't eat solid foods. Two days after I am leaving for a music festival. I am a vegan. What do I eat while I'm there?"
"funny"	"Relationship Status in one picture"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"askreddit"	"If each subreddit was a person, what would they be like?"
"askreddit"	"How do you know when it's time to walk away from a relationship?"
"askreddit"	"If Reddit became a real person by becoming the average of all its users, how would you envision him/her to be?"
"askreddit"	"Which site or application u use to chat with random ppl?"
"funny"	"In a time when men were needed:"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you stopped aging for 15 years?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe Has Come Back From The Dead. My Heart Is Filled With Joy."
"askreddit"	"Why have all my recent posts immediately dropped to zero up votes?"
"the_donald"	"Ep.28! CAN WE HEAR IT FOR MEXICAN / GERMAN CULTURE COMING TOGETHER TO CREATE GREAT MUSIC??"
"askreddit"	"Three years from now, will programming/developer jobs still be in demand and high-paying?"
"funny"	"Local elementary school is taking submissions on their name change"
"askreddit"	"What is something that is very hard for you to do, despite others making it look easy?"
"the_donald"	"Virginia: 43 Muslims indicted in $30M cigarette trafficking, bank fraud, and money laundering op"
"the_donald"	"Let the meme's begin! Here's to 5 more years of 'Pray for France' hashtags."
"the_donald"	"TFW the internet says you're dead, but you're doing just fine."
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"funny"	"Net Neutrality II: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)"
"the_donald"	"99% of lefty, liberal cucks don't know what today is. HAPPY VE DAY REDDIT!"
"funny"	"I have a dream, that one day, my face will be on the shirt of every revolutionary:"
"the_donald"	"EXPERIMENT WITH TERRORIST REHAB FAILS 1ST U.S. TEST 'De-radicalizing the jihadists doesn't work'"
"the_donald"	"Maxine Waters has enraged the resistance by going on record yelling \"THIS IS A MAN'S WORLD!!\""
"askreddit"	"What is the most wierd/funniest conversation have you had on the phone with a stranger that called you?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to deal with a condescending/cynical individual?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] To those of you with 'low' qualifications, how are doing career wise?"
"askreddit"	"Anyone know what happened with the State of Georgia vs. Rick Allen case that Rick and Morty dubbed?"
"the_donald"	"Tonight, after the gender unspecific MTV non-music awards, don't miss the all new episode of Androgyny World. Journey behind the Gender Demilitarized Zone where we uncover Pat's gender neutral cache of anatomically unspecific sex toys that rock hir world. At 6/9 Eastern, only on MTV."
"askreddit"	"Where's the most disgusting place you've put your face, and how did it smell or taste?"
"askreddit"	"How can we draw more attention to important topics like the FCC trying AGAIN to end Net Neutrality?"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"funny"	"The boys are back in town. Too bad they forgot about the end of the world."
"the_donald"	"So, How Long Is Hillary Going To Whine About Losing The 2016 Election?"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"با طرز تهیه فلافل آشنا شوید"
"funny"	"Two kinds of cats in this world"
"askreddit"	"Does Christianity hurt women's rights? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"What is your funniest moment flirting"
"askreddit"	"What's the most disgusting image on the internet?"
"the_donald"	"Trump Just Rained Down Hell On ISIS Compound Overnight - You Won't Believe Who 90 Army Badasses Got Inside !!!!"
"the_donald"	"Did Somebody Say \"Pepe Party\"?"
"askreddit"	"Workers of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, what's your most memorable story?"
"gaming"	"Just upgrading my titan"
"pics"	"owl in the hole of tree"
"askreddit"	"child in Arkansas DHS custody"
"funny"	"Band-aid \"joint\" post's message, aided by the number of comments"
"gaming"	"Mages of Mystralia's soundtrack \"making-of\" documentary with Shota Nakama (FFXV, Kingdom Hearts 2.5 HD) and the Boston Video Game Orchestra!"
"the_donald"	"Monday Morning with Rick Wiles"
"pics"	"I drew a xenomorph on a chalkboard for my work."
"askreddit"	"What Sci-fi aspect would shock you the least if it became Science Fact?"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"askreddit"	"What food is good both hot and cold?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit. What is your favorite telenovela?"
"funny"	"You done messed up..."
"the_donald"	"If Trump got the wall and tax cuts would anyone support national single payer healthcare as part of a grand bargain?"
"the_donald"	"Is there anything more subhuman or bigger trash than a communist?"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"askreddit"	"Who's the guy Dom squeezes for info on the Torino in Fast and furious?"
"the_donald"	"CUCK COCKLOVER FINDS OUT HE'S HATED BY ALL! ASKS US TO SAVE HIM! SPREAD THE WORD #BoycotTonightWithCuckCocklover"
"the_donald"	"Cucked Google: I remember the days when I could Google something for answers.... A simple query (\"Trump electoral College Total\") spits out a bunch of articles telling me it's not the biggest electoral landslide in history, but fails to ever show me the total. Thanks Google."
"askreddit"	"Uber drivers of Reddit, what's the worst experience you've faced in your time?"
"the_donald"	"Who am I to refuse the will of Kek?"
"askreddit"	"Girls only. What is the best penis size?"
"askreddit"	"People who have been on a game show or reality TV series– which show were you on, and what was it like?"
"the_donald"	"Based Patriot: \"The only good commie is a dead commie!\""
"askreddit"	"Vengeful gypsies of Reddit, what is your most potent curse for those who have wronged you?"
"askreddit"	"Adults of Reddit, If you could redo your job/career search from 18 years old again, what would you do differently?"
"askreddit"	"What kickstarter have you backed? Were you satisfied?"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"the_donald"	"You Think You Can Kill This?"
"the_donald"	"DVR ALERT - TWO SHOWS AT SAME TIME - LIVE Monday, May 08 2:30pm EDT on C-SPAN - International﻿ Refugee Assistance Project v. Trump The Fourth Circuit Court Oral Arguments."
"the_donald"	"Idiot France"
"askreddit"	"What is the coolest thing(s) you could buy for $5000 or less?"
"the_donald"	"One day they'll put someone competent in charge of California."
"askreddit"	"Why are red and green so commonly used to differentiate between important things when they're the most commonly confused by colorblind folks?"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"the_donald"	"If you doubt the power of Pepe, just remember... Hillary dedicated a portion of her speech to attacking this lovable Cartoon Frog. Due to leftist cucks abusing him, we have full custody of Pepe now."
"the_donald"	"How are Banks Helping People with Disabilities?"
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest story you can come up with off of the top of your head?"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"askreddit"	"How did you cheat in school?"
"the_donald"	"WHere do you stand ?"
"funny"	"Periodic table of orgasms"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"askreddit"	"People who have changed their life for the better. What was your catalyst?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to go on the lam from the police for whatever reason, where would you go?"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit really disappointed you?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"the_donald"	"DVR ALERT - TWO SHOWS AT SAME TIME - LIVE Monday, May 08 2:30pm EDT on C-SPAN3 - Russian Interference in 2016 Election (Yates and Clapper)."
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Heterosexual men and women of Reddit, at what point in your life did you start realizing that you were seeing some of your friends of the opposite sex as 'more than friends'? How did it happen?"
"askreddit"	"You get one upvote for the next 24 hours. What do you upvote?"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"the_donald"	"Direct passages from the prayer preaching book of hatred!"
"funny"	"Reflection in my room looks like bat signal!"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"the_donald"	"The legacy media just signed its death warrent."
"askreddit"	"Muslim/Middle Eastern immigrants of Reddit in North America, what is your native language?"
"askreddit"	"What is a memory that keeps you up at night?"
"the_donald"	"And So It Begins, Trump's Great Climate Purge..."
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates tesifies before Senate subcommittee"
"the_donald"	"Is there a similar subreddit for brits"
"askreddit"	"Women of Reddit, what's the biggest fake or real penis you've ever inserted into your hole(s)?"
"funny"	"How to fight a bear."
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates testifies before Senate subcommittee"
"funny"	"Autocorrect be like:"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"askreddit"	"Taxi/Uber/Lyft etc drivers of reddit, has your fare ever jumped in and said, \"Follow that _________!\" What's the story?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People against Net Neutrality, why are you against Net Neutrality?"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"askreddit"	"Do you use Reddit at work? If so, what for?"
"the_donald"	"Hmmmm...."
"askreddit"	"To those who have had actual shitty teachers/professors (i.e. It wasn't the student making excuses/being lazy) what was the situation and outcome?"
"askreddit"	"UK Redditors, what are some things that aren't covered by the NHS, but really should be, and vice versa?"
"askreddit"	"What foods is it unacceptable to put honey mustard on?"
"the_donald"	"Don't get outraged by the jokes from late night hosts. Let's use them as Mad Libs. Take their exact words, but replace them with leftist figures. Expose the selective outrage!"
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"funny"	"\"Yeah, he's clean. Next..\""
"the_donald"	"Razorfist on French Election: Vive le Fallujah - A Rant"
"askreddit"	"What are some worst childhood fears that still haunts you as an adult?"
"askreddit"	"If you could travel anywhere to learn a skill, what would it be and where would you go to do it?"
"funny"	"The struggle is real"
"the_donald"	"Pallywood: Jailed Palestinian Terrorist And Hunger Strike Leader Caught On Tape Eating Candy"
"askreddit"	"What are some noteworthy memes from before the time of the internet?"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS FROM NYT: California Doesn't Like Trump"
"the_donald"	"Obama receives a \"Profiles in Courage\" award and this courageous guy receives indefinite house arrest."
"askreddit"	"How would explain 'thug life' to someone in the 1800s?"
"askreddit"	"What company sacrificed their sales in order to look good to the public?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best ongoing gags in movies or T.V. shows?"
"askreddit"	"Where do you work and what is your job?"
"the_donald"	"Must support this poor guy. Can't let psycho journalist win."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"funny"	"Baby meets his new German Shepherd puppy for the very first time!"
"the_donald"	"Just a side of beef being thrown into a medical van"
"askreddit"	"What's the story of the fastest you've ever gone from not knowing someone to fucking them?"
"the_donald"	"\"THE REPORTS OF PEPE'S DEATH Have Been Greatly Exaggerated\""
"the_donald"	"Live: Sally Yates testifies before Senate subcommittee investigating Russia ties to the election"
"askreddit"	"What is okay to eat 5 hours before a dentist appointment?"
"askreddit"	"Fooseball, football, fuzeball, how is it spelled??"
"funny"	"This Sriracha bottle has seen some shit"
"funny"	"Wtf just happened to FB? xD"
"the_donald"	"Google just redefined facism"
"the_donald"	"Anything ever happen with these guys?"
"the_donald"	"Illegal immigrant, Alan Mogollon-Anaya, who killed a mother of three is the subject of a nationwide manhunt which is getting little media attention!"
"askreddit"	"What are some other 'the guy before me didn't clean up the toilet so I won't either' moments?"
"funny"	"Used faceapp on my dog. Im now terrified.."
"gaming"	"'Game of Thrones' Stars Prove They're Ready for Winter with New Costumes"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING new email dump, looks like a head fake to me, but looks bad for alt-right"
"pics"	"Very manly transport service"
"askreddit"	"You are given 20 skill points to invest into your life (max ten in a single area). Where do you invest your skill points?"
"funny"	"Nobody's better at putting the hospital in hospitality than UA!"
"the_donald"	"Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence. https://instagram.com/p/BT1xH1ngciK/"
"askreddit"	"What should a man wear as a guest to a beach wedding where the dress code isn't specified?"
"askreddit"	"How many friends have you made on Reddit?"
"worldnews"	"Prince Harry kissed his girlfriend and ..."
"the_donald"	"Prediction: General Flynn was working on behalf of the Obama admin to create a Russian back-channel hence the reason they never revoked clearance. Prediction: The fake Trump dossier was fed to the Brits by Russian agents who wanted to harm the president."
"askreddit"	"What is under your bed?"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"askreddit"	"Redditors of Reddit, what brought you to Reddit for the first time?"
"funny"	"Medieval Knight Mailbox"
"funny"	"Boston Dynamics made some new robots [X-Post: r/gaming]"
"askreddit"	"(NSFW) Have you ever seen someone you know on any nswf sub? Who was it and what was your reaction?"
"funny"	"If Mom has sad face, what does Dad have ?"
"gaming"	"That time when bethesda got confronted with the truth"
"the_donald"	"Did Obama receive the \"Profiles in Courage\" award for the courage he showed selling Romneycare to the liberals who voted for him?"
"askreddit"	"Men, what makes your interest level in a woman go from 100 to zero the fastest?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most interesting movie trivia you know?"
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"askreddit"	"What is a song that you HAVE to sing along with every time you hear it?"
"askreddit"	"The last song you listened to is now on loop in your head for the rest of your life. How well do you fare?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors of Reddit who've Reddited on Reddit, have you ever accidentally cut yourself with Occam's Razor?"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"askreddit"	"If you could poop Gold nuggets for 1 week, how wealthy would you be?"
"askreddit"	"Police officers of reddit, What common myths does TV portray about police work that are either highly exaggerated or entirely false?"
"askreddit"	"What is one thing you do to get motivated?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite opening line in a book/movie?"
"askreddit"	"How many of you are debt free? For others, how close are you?"
"askreddit"	"Political scientist or Venezuelans of Reddit, based on what you know about the situation in Venezuela would you say a civil war is inevitable? And if so when will it most likely happen?"
"askreddit"	"What are your predictions for France for the rest of 2017?"
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"the_donald"	"The CIAPost is attacking Pepe."
"the_donald"	"Cenk Uygur failed in his bid to be a lawyer. Here's why."
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"askreddit"	"People who fell in love in a chat room: What chat room was it?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the most clever line in a song you know?"
"askreddit"	"For a person who needs to shower at least once in every 24 hours, where can a train ride take him to from where you live?"
"askreddit"	"What song do you always skip/turn off when it comes on the radio?"
"the_donald"	"Federal Judge Declares Constitution Void, Threatens Civil Defendant With Death. I wonder which side of the political spectrum this guy leans? OUT OUT OUT!!"
"askreddit"	"Introverts of the 80s 90s, how was life different from the introverts of the present?"
"programming"	"Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat"
"the_donald"	"The French election is over, stop posting about it. It was already too much of a distraction here. Get back to work draining the swap. NT"
"the_donald"	"Our New Habit ........"
"the_donald"	"Is it time to call for a temporary truce with John Oliver? He made a call to our community and our brothers and sisters at 4chan to plead for net neutrality. Maybe we can bury the hatchet and band together to push for something we can all agree on - a free and open internet."
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"askreddit"	"Who was a person that you pitied on?"
"the_donald"	"[COMMIES FTW] Venezuela Continues to Collapse Due to Socialism and Central Planning"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest butchering of a quote you've said or heard?"
"the_donald"	"How soon till first Terror attack in France under Macron? Any bets?"
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"the_donald"	"MFW people say Pepe is dead"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"askreddit"	"If the pizza delivery surcharge is not the driver's tip, then who gets it and why is it charged?"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: The men and women who have worn the uniform are America’s most cherished heroes."
"the_donald"	"pepe is a meme of peace!"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite slang words from your country ?"
"askreddit"	"What vacation did you go on that totally sucked?"
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what games and/or movies would you like to see in Virtual Reality?"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit is best for the weight to lose and about health video?"
"gaming"	"Call of Duty®: Black Ops III Zombies Chronicles Story Trailer"
"the_donald"	"I will not stop posting this until every new pede sees it, absorbs it, and understands the severity/magnitude of what we're up against (infographic)."
"the_donald"	"MSM is so predictable. As soon as Trump announces his nominees, the narrative becomes \"Trump is behind on filling vacancies!!!\""
"askreddit"	"Weird kids of High school how did you became the weird kid?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of music gives you physical sensations?"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"worldnews"	"Stephen Fry blasphemy probe dropped after gardaí fail to find 'substantial number of outraged people'"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"the_donald"	"Rush Limbaugh's analysis of the French election this morning"
"askreddit"	"Why do we think it's socially acceptable for waiters to rely on anyone else but their employer for a decent living?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best exclamation you have shouted in the heat of the moment when you had to swear, but couldn't because little kids were around?"
"askreddit"	"What will be the next big invention that people can't live without?"
"the_donald"	"Ray of hope from France: Le Pen won among young voters. Macron won among seniors. Hard times make hard men. The hard men are coming..."
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"the_donald"	"MEGA Thread: Travel halt &amp; Yates hearings."
"the_donald"	"US Doesn't Keep Data on Number of Citizenship Applicants Who Admit Terror Connections or Oppose US Constitution"
"askreddit"	"For professional athletes, do you still enjoy the sport even if that is what you do for a living?"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Hi Reddit, Throughout our lives we either get to personally meet people of other nationalities or some of us don't. Which nationality do you think would be the one that everyone knows personally ?"
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"the_donald"	"Cracks me up every time I see it."
"the_donald"	"WEW LAD: Antifa 'studied' as part of Obama's DoD project called 'Minerva Initiative'. \"Minerva agrees\" &lt;-- Quote from Clinton email released by Wikileaks"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what's your biggest deal breaker when dating ?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you at a music festival?"
"the_donald"	"My prediction for the substance of Sally Yates' testimony about Russian interference in the election"
"askreddit"	"If you had 24 hours to eat a standard wooden door, how would you go about it?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Reddit - what is something that angers you beyond reasonable bounds?"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"gaming"	"Doom on hardest setting"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is my gender."
"pics"	"IMG_666.JPG"
"askreddit"	"Drug dealers of Reddit, how did you break into that industry?"
"askreddit"	"You are given the chance to change one line of dialogue in a movie to alter the ending. Which movie and which line would you change?"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"the_donald"	"Have a Bernie Friend who's still deluded about him. Decides to launch a MOAB to shatter Bernie."
"askreddit"	"Hard workers of reddit, whats the best most epic excuse you used/heard to skip work ?"
"askreddit"	"How old is your car?"
"askreddit"	"Where should someone live if they don't want children, are fairly liberal, enjoy the outdoors, want to experience all seasons, and also enjoy the benefits of being near a city?"
"the_donald"	"Liberals judge socialism by intent. Conservatives judge socialism by results."
"askreddit"	"If there are 6 apples and you take away 4, how many do you have?"
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"the_donald"	"Ann Coulter on Twitter: ONLY THE BEST! Minnesota: “The outbreak started among Somali Minnesotans who have a low vaccination rate ...\""
"the_donald"	"The discovery of an apparent correlation between Clinton’s overseas trips as Secretary of State and contributions to the Clinton Foundation."
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"askreddit"	"What's your current job and how did you end up there?"
"the_donald"	"Congressman Jason Chaffetz: Still Mystified That Huma Abedin &amp; Others Have Not Been Prosecuted"
"askreddit"	"what makes you smile and cry at the same time?"
"askreddit"	"Found money in couch, what would you do?"
"the_donald"	"To the based Pedes who voted for Le Pen..."
"the_donald"	"Report: France to become one third Muslim within next ten years"
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"askreddit"	"If you had to pick one song to play at your funeral, what would you pick?"
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] People of reddit less than 13 years old, how is life going?"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest rip off of our time that most people don't realize is a rip off?"
"askreddit"	"What will history remember our generation for?"
"askreddit"	"Older people of Reddit, what are some stories from your childhood that us younger folks might not be able to relate to?"
"askreddit"	"What nick-names do you have from parents?"
"askreddit"	"Which 2 icecream flavours you love mixing together?"
"funny"	"He's good."
"the_donald"	"Germany Conquers France...Again"
"the_donald"	"Hello! My 16 year journey for becoming a US citizen ended Friday. Was told to introduce myself here."
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest thing you have ever found sexy?"
"askreddit"	"What are some examples of 'uncommon sense' ?"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"the_donald"	"BUSTED: Antifa 'studied' as part of Obama's DoD project called 'Minerva Initiative'. \"Minerva agrees\" &lt;-- Quote from Clinton email released by Wikileaks"
"the_donald"	"When she ugly AF and wants to send you nudes but you accept because she's a Trump supporter..."
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: The sons &amp; daughters of America will remember your names until the world stops turning, &amp; your valor &amp; your victory… https://t.co/a0YqOMaDPQ"
"the_donald"	"The Silver Lining of Macron"
"the_donald"	"San Francisco Chronicle Admits: Some Anti-Trump Protesters are Paid"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is DEAD!...or reborn?"
"the_donald"	"They Killed Pepe? They Killed Jesus Too. Sorta Backfired."
"askreddit"	"What single question could you ask a hitchhiker to determine if they'd be safe to pick up?"
"the_donald"	"Please someone, think of the children!"
"askreddit"	"Everyone always asks \"if you could have one do-over, what would it be?\" - well, Redditors, what's the one thing you would never do-over?"
"askreddit"	"What superpower is vastly underrated?"
"askreddit"	"What English word sounds funny in your native language?"
"the_donald"	"Texas Governor Signs Toughest Sanctuary City Law in U.S.A."
"askreddit"	"What unconventional superpower would you want?"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"the_donald"	"Never will be"
"the_donald"	"FRANCE: #1 In Cultural Diversity!"
"the_donald"	"Trump should force Obama to register as a Wallstreet and Health Care Company lobbyist (since they both have paid him big bucks) before he can speak to any public official about their healthcare or banking related vote."
"askreddit"	"This trump stuff is pretty annoying and I do not even live in the us! What is actually going on down there? I personally lost track of what is real and what is fake news."
"askreddit"	"What's your dresscode at work, and do you like it?"
"funny"	"Women....."
"the_donald"	"He Will Rise Once More"
"askreddit"	"What did a relative get away with just because it was a relative?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing that made you laugh?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"the_donald"	"Drain the Federal Reserve Swamp!"
"askreddit"	"What advice did you follow, but ended up backfiring?"
"askreddit"	"(NSFW) have you ever seen someone you know on a nsfw sub? Who were they and what was your reaction?"
"askreddit"	"What's something in your life you wished you could change but can't?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the worst animal to have the ability to communicate fully with humans?"
"the_donald"	"No wonder why Antifa wear masks."
"askreddit"	"What are some of your favourite tv shows that are little less talked about?"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"the_donald"	"Rush Limbaugh: If you listen to the Democrats' and the left's predictions of what sounds like a Republican-triggered genocide from this health care bill, you'd think that we're all fetuses in a Planned Parenthood waiting room."
"askreddit"	"What is art? Where do you draw the line between crap and something considered art?"
"the_donald"	"96% of the Israeli-French voted for Macron. Why?"
"askreddit"	"Why does Musical always wear glasses?"
"askreddit"	"What country of the world do you often forget exists?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have been in a relationship with a language barrier, how did it work out?"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"askreddit"	"What video or article makes you emotional every time you view it?"
"gaming"	"Post birth xD"
"the_donald"	"'The Most Trusted National Leader Today': 80 Percent of Filipinos Have 'Much Trust' in Duterte"
"the_donald"	"Get ready for another barrage of lies and bullshit in Senate. It hasn't started yet and I'm already disgusted"
"the_donald"	"On the internet, PEPE LIVES"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"the_donald"	"AFTERMATH OF GLORIOUS MOAB STRIKE"
"askreddit"	"Which currently existing company will have the most influence on our lives in 10 years time?"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Hello, could some of you generous people give me a few comment upvotes so I can post a request on /r/photoshoprequests. Any help is much appreciated."
"the_donald"	"LIVE STREAM: Sally Yates Testifies On Russian interference In 2016 Elections 5/8/17"
"the_donald"	"Muslim Refugee Butchers Mom In Front Of Her Kids For Way She Insulted Islam"
"the_donald"	"Almost all Twitter links I open from T_D end up like this."
"gaming"	"Trumpocalypse: Political Satire Text-Based Oregon Trail Clone"
"the_donald"	"Impeach Judge Furgeson of Texas. Liberal judge that thinks he's above the constitution."
"askreddit"	"You are the last human being after the aliens have taken over, they are going to let you speak the last words of Humanity, what do you say?"
"askreddit"	"Can anyone explain where the anti-Muslim sentiment (mainly in Western society) originates from?"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Besides getting a (better) job, what's the best thing you've ever done to improve your financial health?"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"the_donald"	"5/8/17: White House Press Briefing"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"askreddit"	"Which women have looked better as they've aged, more than when they were younger?"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"askreddit"	"People who got suspended on the last day of school, what did you do?"
"askreddit"	"What did you consider \"first world problems\" in high school that didn't really matter in the scheme of life?"
"the_donald"	"Rush Limbaugh: If you look at the French election, this ought to prove once and for all the Russians are not very good at rigging elections, because all we heard was how the Russians are putting out all the stops for Le Pen, including hacking Macron's emails."
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"the_donald"	"Even the announcer of coverage on CSPAN 3 calls Trumps travel ban a \"Muslim Ban\"....so cucked by FakeNews"
"the_donald"	"Libtards claim we're a hate group and should all be banned!"
"the_donald"	"Warren Buffett Says Free Trade Has Turned American Workers Into Roadkill"
"the_donald"	"France... again? Pepe Patton 'members."
"askreddit"	"If the USA never started the 'War on 'Terror', what would the world look like today?"
"askreddit"	"Which TV shows gave you the \"just one more episode\" fever?"
"the_donald"	"First Lady: France vs. USA"
"askreddit"	"What are good exercises to stay in shape, besides running?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most useless fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"In what year (roughly) do you expect us to stop considering race as a differentiating factor?"
"askreddit"	"When has being a good listener paid off for you?"
"askreddit"	"People with depression how do you keep getting through everyday?"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"askreddit"	"What are some movies/tv shows where the villain is more cooler than the main character?"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"askreddit"	"What do you know about your parents that they don't know you know?"
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"the_donald"	"Emmanuel Macron Comes Out To The EU Anthem To Celebrate His Victory #FranceHasFallen"
"askreddit"	"What is your in-depth zombie survival plan?"
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"the_donald"	"Researchers have created an image of the average r/marchagainsttrump user, and it's beautiful"
"pics"	"Young, balding redditors know..."
"askreddit"	"What makes you happy in life?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE THE FROG IS JESUS"
"askreddit"	"What are real life's most notable minigames?"
"askreddit"	"Women and men, would you like your partner to be emotional or not and why?"
"the_donald"	"Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham Fuck Lindsey Graham"
"the_donald"	"I'm convinced by the latest French election, Islamic terror is a part of everyday life"
"askreddit"	"People who dropped out of school, how is your life today?"
"the_donald"	"I hope Macron turns out to secretly be a good guy. He probably isn't, but a man can dream."
"the_donald"	"Thousands Of Far Left Activists Stage Anti-Macron Protest"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"askreddit"	"What kind of thing do you do or buy when you're in the mood to treat yo self?"
"the_donald"	"Country of love"
"the_donald"	"Can't Stop, Won't Stop!"
"the_donald"	"Foreign Office 'Camel Corps' Cancels Prince Charles's Israel Visit (Islam Appeasement 101)"
"askreddit"	"What band or singer famous in your country that you think should be more famous internationally?"
"askreddit"	"What song could you play in the middle of the night to scare the Ba-Jesus out of everyone who's sleeping?"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"the_donald"	"I have a bad feeling about this..."
"the_donald"	"Listening to Lindsey Graham pander during the opening of the Sally Yates hearings . . . . . weak!"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES!"
"the_donald"	"Imagine a bot driven subreddit where all the top headlines of r/redacted were reposted but with their contents changed to be about the Obama administration."
"the_donald"	"Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne announced Monday she accepted the Trump Administration position of Regional Administrator for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Southwest Region VI!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Today we thank our veterans. We honor you. And we resolve to defend the freedom that you won for us with your servi… https://t.co/CUkoMN1Zfm"
"the_donald"	"Border Patrol Arrests Two Illegals Hauling $1 Million in Marijuana Over Border"
"the_donald"	"In celebration of Le Pepe's freedom today! :D"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton Makes Macron’s Victory About Herself, Attacks the Media"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Macron, this seat is now taken."
"the_donald"	"SUBMIT TO YOUR BENEFACTORS. ACCEPT ASSIMILATION. DO NOT RESIST PROGRESS."
"the_donald"	"Rape Legalization Gains Ground Amid Migrant Influx in Europe"
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"the_donald"	"Pepe would be such a shitty comic without us!!!"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"the_donald"	"Sums up France perfectly. Sad."
"the_donald"	"This rare Pepe fought through the depths of hell to deliver ShariaBlue a Message"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"the_donald"	"TRUMP 2020"
"the_donald"	"EPA Dismisses Academics On Advisory Board Criticized For Rubber-Stamping Climate Regs (See ya in 8 years, you crazy cucks!)"
"the_donald"	"Trump Wins Election so MS Media Shills Break Down and Cry on Live TV. Macron Wins Election so MS Media Shills Celebrate and Dance on Live TV. #VERYFAKENEWS"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"the_donald"	"When you get BTFO by Commander Spicer because you're annoying as fuck"
"the_donald"	"The only award Hillary deserves!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Real Story: 12 Years A Slave! (2005-2017) We finally emancipated Pepe from his cruel master!"
"askreddit"	"What is your trick to staying sane?"
"askreddit"	"Which do you find more important: face or body?"
"askreddit"	"How was your high-school experience?"
"askreddit"	"How did you become the most important person in the room?"
"askreddit"	"What's a thought/idea that cannot be expressed in English?"
"askreddit"	"Who's your celebrity crush?"
"askreddit"	"Which helpful features of commonly used products are often overlooked or not known about?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest movie you've ever watched?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest but legit acronym?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest thing about your school?"
"askreddit"	"Hairdressers/barbers of Reddit, what's the weirdest haircut someone has asked you to do?"
"askreddit"	"To those who do, why do you fake your religious beliefs?"
"askreddit"	"What moment in your life that was just pure luck?"
"askreddit"	"Besides rent, What is too damn valuable?"
"askreddit"	"Women who have had boob jobs, would you recommend? Or was it a mistake?"
"askreddit"	"Which quote from the Star Wars Prequels summarises how you feel right now?"
"askreddit"	"What's one thing that you judge people about?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is your favorite sexual position, and when did you last do that?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches: what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"What's a story that happened to you but no one will believe?"
"askreddit"	"What shampoo do you use and why?"
"askreddit"	"Why you cant find all apps with a Mac Laptop but with an Iphone?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best revenge story that left the person seeking revenge seeming as the bigger person?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best quote by any fictional character?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time you went somewhere because you felt obligated to and at the end you were glad you did?"
"askreddit"	"What is your trick to staying sane?"
"askreddit"	"Which do you find more important: face or body?"
"askreddit"	"How was your high-school experience?"
"askreddit"	"How did you become the most important person in the room?"
"askreddit"	"What's a thought/idea that cannot be expressed in English?"
"askreddit"	"Who's your celebrity crush?"
"askreddit"	"Which helpful features of commonly used products are often overlooked or not known about?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest movie you've ever watched?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest but legit acronym?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest thing about your school?"
"askreddit"	"Hairdressers/barbers of Reddit, what's the weirdest haircut someone has asked you to do?"
"askreddit"	"To those who do, why do you fake your religious beliefs?"
"askreddit"	"What moment in your life that was just pure luck?"
"askreddit"	"Besides rent, What is too damn valuable?"
"askreddit"	"Women who have had boob jobs, would you recommend? Or was it a mistake?"
"askreddit"	"Which quote from the Star Wars Prequels summarises how you feel right now?"
"askreddit"	"What's one thing that you judge people about?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is your favorite sexual position, and when did you last do that?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches: what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"What's a story that happened to you but no one will believe?"
"askreddit"	"What shampoo do you use and why?"
"askreddit"	"Why you cant find all apps with a Mac Laptop but with an Iphone?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best revenge story that left the person seeking revenge seeming as the bigger person?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best quote by any fictional character?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time you went somewhere because you felt obligated to and at the end you were glad you did?"
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"funny"	"If Mom has sad face, what does Dad have ?"
"funny"	"Medieval Knight Mailbox"
"gaming"	"Favourite space survival games?"
"gaming"	"What game to get for PS4?"
"gaming"	"I mean...it's a bit late now, isn't it?"
"gaming"	"Looking for a game I played as a child"
"gaming"	"Saw this ad from my local video game store..."
"gaming"	"Found this in the thrift store today"
"gaming"	"Proof that the Nazis were into the occult"
"gaming"	"Update 2.9.1"
"gaming"	"Our Mass Effect wedding (x-post from r/MassEffect)"
"gaming"	"Any good multiplayer games with pvp that aren't about killing eachother?"
"gaming"	"To celebrate Rocket League and WWE Teaming up, I present to you the John Cena car"
"gaming"	"Found my old DS from a desk I was selling, still had battery."
"gaming"	"At What Point is Ram Capacity Excessive for Gaming?"
"gaming"	"Why is it that a rack up hundreds of hours on shit games that piss me off, but take forever to finish ones I love?"
"gaming"	"This kid was way too OP"
"gaming"	"Which f2p mobile games would you kindly recommend?"
"gaming"	"What are your favourite mini-games you would want to see blown up into big indie games?"
"gaming"	"\"F**k this, I'm outta here\""
"gaming"	"[Playerunknown's Battleground] The safest way to secure a cache"
"gaming"	"What are your top 3 favorite RPG's off all time. Not the best just your personal favorite!"
"gaming"	"I often felt guilty for letting Zelda hold out for so long. It inspired this drawing"
"gaming"	"Cheeky GTA"
"gaming"	"Dragon Quest Builders or Portal Knights?"
"gaming"	"[Overwatch] Hanzo mains are so predictable"
"gaming"	"PC gamers: Is anyone else massively let down by the new Dawn of War?"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates to offer first public account of Michael Flynn's Russian contacts"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"worldnews"	"Suicide bomber kills at eight in Somalia"
"worldnews"	"Yemen cholera outbreak kills 25 people in a week: WHO"
"programming"	"Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat"
"programming"	"Firebird JDBC driver: Jaybird 3.0.0 is released"
"programming"	"libuv thread communication"
"programming"	"My Heroku Values"
"programming"	"AI learns to generate Mozart, Beethoven, Ragtime piano music"
"programming"	"Free Interactive Course - Understanding Flexbox: Everything you need to know"
"programming"	"Akamai Connector for Varnish out of beta"
"programming"	"Optical Showroom Project in Asp.Net"
"programming"	"1000x faster spelling correction, with term split/merge"
"programming"	"Sizzy - View multiple screen sizes at a time when developing responsive websites"
"programming"	"Handling the Handlebars! – Tips and Tricks while using Handlebars.js"
"programming"	"You are asking your test system the wrong questions!"
"programming"	"Two Ways to Share Git Hooks with Your Team"
"programming"	"Mobile First, Desktop Worst – Prototyping: From UX to Front End"
"programming"	"PlatformIO IDE 2.0 Beta 3 with Unified Debugger is out! 100+ embedded boards, multiple architectures, zero-configuration"
"programming"	"Are software developers a force for good?"
"programming"	"The Hitchhiker's Guide to AWS ECS and Docker"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"programming"	"IBM says remote working is great… after forcing employees to work from office"
"programming"	"A Beginner's Guide to Neural Networks in Python and SciKit Learn 0.18"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't matter WHO we support, we all support net neutrality. (hit express)"
"the_donald"	"Report: NJ Islamic Convert Stabs His Family’s ‘Unclean’ Dog, Threatens To Kill His Own Mother"
"the_donald"	"When you get BTFO by Commander Spicer because you're annoying as fuck"
"the_donald"	"The only award Hillary deserves!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Real Story: 12 Years A Slave! (2005-2017) We finally emancipated Pepe from his cruel master!"
"the_donald"	"TRUMP 2020"
"the_donald"	"EPA Dismisses Academics On Advisory Board Criticized For Rubber-Stamping Climate Regs (See ya in 8 years, you crazy cucks!)"
"the_donald"	"Trump Wins Election so MS Media Shills Break Down and Cry on Live TV. Macron Wins Election so MS Media Shills Celebrate and Dance on Live TV. #VERYFAKENEWS"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"the_donald"	"Sums up France perfectly. Sad."
"the_donald"	"This rare Pepe fought through the depths of hell to deliver ShariaBlue a Message"
"the_donald"	"Pepe would be such a shitty comic without us!!!"
"the_donald"	"SUBMIT TO YOUR BENEFACTORS. ACCEPT ASSIMILATION. DO NOT RESIST PROGRESS."
"the_donald"	"Rape Legalization Gains Ground Amid Migrant Influx in Europe"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Macron, this seat is now taken."
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton Makes Macron’s Victory About Herself, Attacks the Media"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Today we thank our veterans. We honor you. And we resolve to defend the freedom that you won for us with your servi… https://t.co/CUkoMN1Zfm"
"the_donald"	"Border Patrol Arrests Two Illegals Hauling $1 Million in Marijuana Over Border"
"the_donald"	"In celebration of Le Pepe's freedom today! :D"
"the_donald"	"Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne announced Monday she accepted the Trump Administration position of Regional Administrator for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Southwest Region VI!"
"the_donald"	"I have a bad feeling about this..."
"the_donald"	"Listening to Lindsey Graham pander during the opening of the Sally Yates hearings . . . . . weak!"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES!"
"the_donald"	"Imagine a bot driven subreddit where all the top headlines of r/redacted were reposted but with their contents changed to be about the Obama administration."
"the_donald"	"Country of love"
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"pics"	"View from my window. Oban, Scotland"
"askreddit"	"Why does it seem like life hasn't changed much between 2017 and 2007; but if you can remember 2000 vs 1990, they really seem like *completely* different eras?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"askreddit"	"What band or singer famous in your country that you think should be more famous internationally?"
"askreddit"	"What song could you play in the middle of the night to scare the Ba-Jesus out of everyone who's sleeping?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of thing do you do or buy when you're in the mood to treat yo self?"
"askreddit"	"People who dropped out of school, how is your life today?"
"askreddit"	"Women and men, would you like your partner to be emotional or not and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are real life's most notable minigames?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you happy in life?"
"askreddit"	"What is your in-depth zombie survival plan?"
"askreddit"	"What do you know about your parents that they don't know you know?"
"askreddit"	"What are some movies/tv shows where the villain is more cooler than the main character?"
"askreddit"	"People with depression how do you keep getting through everyday?"
"askreddit"	"When has being a good listener paid off for you?"
"askreddit"	"In what year (roughly) do you expect us to stop considering race as a differentiating factor?"
"askreddit"	"Why does it seem like life hasn't changed much between 2017 and 2007; but if you can remember 2000 vs 1990, they really seem like *completely* different eras?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"askreddit"	"What band or singer famous in your country that you think should be more famous internationally?"
"askreddit"	"What song could you play in the middle of the night to scare the Ba-Jesus out of everyone who's sleeping?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of thing do you do or buy when you're in the mood to treat yo self?"
"askreddit"	"People who dropped out of school, how is your life today?"
"askreddit"	"Women and men, would you like your partner to be emotional or not and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are real life's most notable minigames?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you happy in life?"
"askreddit"	"What is your in-depth zombie survival plan?"
"askreddit"	"What do you know about your parents that they don't know you know?"
"askreddit"	"What are some movies/tv shows where the villain is more cooler than the main character?"
"askreddit"	"People with depression how do you keep getting through everyday?"
"askreddit"	"When has being a good listener paid off for you?"
"askreddit"	"In what year (roughly) do you expect us to stop considering race as a differentiating factor?"
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"funny"	"If Mom has sad face, what does Dad have ?"
"funny"	"Medieval Knight Mailbox"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"gaming"	"Welcome... to Jurassic Park"
"gaming"	"Skydiving Bug in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3"
"worldnews"	"WATCH LIVE: Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Testifies on Russian Election Interference"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates to offer first public account of Michael Flynn's Russian contacts"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"worldnews"	"Suicide bomber kills at eight in Somalia"
"programming"	"I read Java How To Program by Deitel And This Is What I Learnt"
"programming"	"User's POV and Empathy - Feature Overviews in Pull Requests, Commit Messages, and Code Comments"
"programming"	"Python based WebCrawler. Looking for collaborators!"
"programming"	"Gallery of programming UIs, by Jonathan Edwards"
"programming"	"Could a Doodle Replace Your Password?"
"programming"	"The Next Generation of Red Hat OpenShift Online is Here"
"programming"	"SIGGRAPH 2017 : Technical Papers Preview Trailer"
"programming"	"Red Hat And IBM Will Vote Against Java's Next Release"
"programming"	"Master Angular (both Angular 4 and Angular 2) and build awesome,"
"programming"	" The Emoji that exists but is not real"
"programming"	"Printing Statements to Console | Unity 3d and C# Complete Crash Course ..."
"programming"	"Booting the Linux Kernel Without an initrd/initramfs"
"programming"	"Story of development of the Twitch Plays game \"Guess a Sketch\""
"programming"	"9 lessons from 25 years of Linux kernel development"
"programming"	"Guy Steele on Computer Science Metanotation -- Celebration of Computer Science at Harvard in Honor of Harry Lewis"
"programming"	"TIOBE Index: the pack is closing in on Java and C"
"programming"	"Easy History an efficient way to browse your history and a good alternative to bookmarks"
"programming"	"JMAP, a better protocol for e-mail client connections"
"programming"	"Debugging HTTP(s) traffic in Android apps"
"programming"	"Meet Kanban Bubbles — a minimalist Kanban Board and Todo App for Android!"
"programming"	"Same Stats, Different Graphs: Generating Datasets with Varied Appearance and Identical Statistics through Simulated Annealing"
"programming"	"Get full days, weekdays and weeks between 2 datetimes in Java"
"programming"	"Automatic Proxy Configuration using PAC File, Batch Script and Windows Server 2012 GPP"
"programming"	"Simualtion Theory and The Sims"
"programming"	"I coded an Augmented Reality billiards game for my computer science class!"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo Agrees with President's Trumps Immigration Plan!"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't matter WHO we support, we all support net neutrality. (hit express)"
"the_donald"	"Report: NJ Islamic Convert Stabs His Family’s ‘Unclean’ Dog, Threatens To Kill His Own Mother"
"the_donald"	"When you get BTFO by Commander Spicer because you're annoying as fuck"
"the_donald"	"The only award Hillary deserves!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Real Story: 12 Years A Slave! (2005-2017) We finally emancipated Pepe from his cruel master!"
"the_donald"	"TRUMP 2020"
"the_donald"	"EPA Dismisses Academics On Advisory Board Criticized For Rubber-Stamping Climate Regs (See ya in 8 years, you crazy cucks!)"
"the_donald"	"Trump Wins Election so MS Media Shills Break Down and Cry on Live TV. Macron Wins Election so MS Media Shills Celebrate and Dance on Live TV. #VERYFAKENEWS"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"the_donald"	"Sums up France perfectly. Sad."
"the_donald"	"This rare Pepe fought through the depths of hell to deliver ShariaBlue a Message"
"the_donald"	"Pepe would be such a shitty comic without us!!!"
"the_donald"	"SUBMIT TO YOUR BENEFACTORS. ACCEPT ASSIMILATION. DO NOT RESIST PROGRESS."
"the_donald"	"Rape Legalization Gains Ground Amid Migrant Influx in Europe"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Macron, this seat is now taken."
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton Makes Macron’s Victory About Herself, Attacks the Media"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Today we thank our veterans. We honor you. And we resolve to defend the freedom that you won for us with your servi… https://t.co/CUkoMN1Zfm"
"the_donald"	"Border Patrol Arrests Two Illegals Hauling $1 Million in Marijuana Over Border"
"the_donald"	"In celebration of Le Pepe's freedom today! :D"
"the_donald"	"Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne announced Monday she accepted the Trump Administration position of Regional Administrator for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Southwest Region VI!"
"the_donald"	"I have a bad feeling about this..."
"the_donald"	"Listening to Lindsey Graham pander during the opening of the Sally Yates hearings . . . . . weak!"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES!"
"the_donald"	"Imagine a bot driven subreddit where all the top headlines of r/redacted were reposted but with their contents changed to be about the Obama administration."
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"pics"	"View from my window. Oban, Scotland"
"askreddit"	"What is your trick to staying sane?"
"askreddit"	"Which do you find more important: face or body?"
"askreddit"	"How was your high-school experience?"
"askreddit"	"How did you become the most important person in the room?"
"askreddit"	"What's a thought/idea that cannot be expressed in English?"
"askreddit"	"Who's your celebrity crush?"
"askreddit"	"Which helpful features of commonly used products are often overlooked or not known about?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest movie you've ever watched?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest but legit acronym?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest thing about your school?"
"askreddit"	"Hairdressers/barbers of Reddit, what's the weirdest haircut someone has asked you to do?"
"askreddit"	"To those who do, why do you fake your religious beliefs?"
"askreddit"	"What moment in your life that was just pure luck?"
"askreddit"	"Besides rent, What is too damn valuable?"
"askreddit"	"Women who have had boob jobs, would you recommend? Or was it a mistake?"
"askreddit"	"Which quote from the Star Wars Prequels summarises how you feel right now?"
"askreddit"	"What's one thing that you judge people about?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is your favorite sexual position, and when did you last do that?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches: what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"What's a story that happened to you but no one will believe?"
"askreddit"	"What shampoo do you use and why?"
"askreddit"	"Why you cant find all apps with a Mac Laptop but with an Iphone?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best revenge story that left the person seeking revenge seeming as the bigger person?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best quote by any fictional character?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time you went somewhere because you felt obligated to and at the end you were glad you did?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best thing you've seen on an online dating profile?"
"askreddit"	"Why does it seem like life hasn't changed much between 2017 and 2007; but if you can remember 2000 vs 1990, they really seem like *completely* different eras?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"askreddit"	"What band or singer famous in your country that you think should be more famous internationally?"
"askreddit"	"What song could you play in the middle of the night to scare the Ba-Jesus out of everyone who's sleeping?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of thing do you do or buy when you're in the mood to treat yo self?"
"askreddit"	"People who dropped out of school, how is your life today?"
"askreddit"	"Women and men, would you like your partner to be emotional or not and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are real life's most notable minigames?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you happy in life?"
"askreddit"	"What is your in-depth zombie survival plan?"
"askreddit"	"What do you know about your parents that they don't know you know?"
"askreddit"	"What are some movies/tv shows where the villain is more cooler than the main character?"
"askreddit"	"People with depression how do you keep getting through everyday?"
"askreddit"	"When has being a good listener paid off for you?"
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"funny"	"If Mom has sad face, what does Dad have ?"
"funny"	"Medieval Knight Mailbox"
"gaming"	"This seems comfortable..[Warface]"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"gaming"	"Welcome... to Jurassic Park"
"worldnews"	"WATCH LIVE: Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Testifies on Russian Election Interference"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates to offer first public account of Michael Flynn's Russian contacts"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"worldnews"	"Suicide bomber kills at eight in Somalia"
"programming"	"Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat"
"programming"	"Firebird JDBC driver: Jaybird 3.0.0 is released"
"programming"	"libuv thread communication"
"programming"	"My Heroku Values"
"programming"	"AI learns to generate Mozart, Beethoven, Ragtime piano music"
"programming"	"Free Interactive Course - Understanding Flexbox: Everything you need to know"
"programming"	"Akamai Connector for Varnish out of beta"
"programming"	"Optical Showroom Project in Asp.Net"
"programming"	"1000x faster spelling correction, with term split/merge"
"programming"	"Sizzy - View multiple screen sizes at a time when developing responsive websites"
"programming"	"Handling the Handlebars! – Tips and Tricks while using Handlebars.js"
"programming"	"You are asking your test system the wrong questions!"
"programming"	"Two Ways to Share Git Hooks with Your Team"
"programming"	"Mobile First, Desktop Worst – Prototyping: From UX to Front End"
"programming"	"PlatformIO IDE 2.0 Beta 3 with Unified Debugger is out! 100+ embedded boards, multiple architectures, zero-configuration"
"programming"	"Are software developers a force for good?"
"programming"	"The Hitchhiker's Guide to AWS ECS and Docker"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"programming"	"IBM says remote working is great… after forcing employees to work from office"
"programming"	"A Beginner's Guide to Neural Networks in Python and SciKit Learn 0.18"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"the_donald"	"Mattis in Denmark to Confer With Allies on Defeating ISIS"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo Agrees with President's Trumps Immigration Plan!"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't matter WHO we support, we all support net neutrality. (hit express)"
"the_donald"	"Report: NJ Islamic Convert Stabs His Family’s ‘Unclean’ Dog, Threatens To Kill His Own Mother"
"the_donald"	"When you get BTFO by Commander Spicer because you're annoying as fuck"
"the_donald"	"The only award Hillary deserves!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Real Story: 12 Years A Slave! (2005-2017) We finally emancipated Pepe from his cruel master!"
"the_donald"	"TRUMP 2020"
"the_donald"	"EPA Dismisses Academics On Advisory Board Criticized For Rubber-Stamping Climate Regs (See ya in 8 years, you crazy cucks!)"
"the_donald"	"Trump Wins Election so MS Media Shills Break Down and Cry on Live TV. Macron Wins Election so MS Media Shills Celebrate and Dance on Live TV. #VERYFAKENEWS"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"the_donald"	"Sums up France perfectly. Sad."
"the_donald"	"This rare Pepe fought through the depths of hell to deliver ShariaBlue a Message"
"the_donald"	"Pepe would be such a shitty comic without us!!!"
"the_donald"	"SUBMIT TO YOUR BENEFACTORS. ACCEPT ASSIMILATION. DO NOT RESIST PROGRESS."
"the_donald"	"Rape Legalization Gains Ground Amid Migrant Influx in Europe"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Macron, this seat is now taken."
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton Makes Macron’s Victory About Herself, Attacks the Media"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Today we thank our veterans. We honor you. And we resolve to defend the freedom that you won for us with your servi… https://t.co/CUkoMN1Zfm"
"the_donald"	"Border Patrol Arrests Two Illegals Hauling $1 Million in Marijuana Over Border"
"the_donald"	"In celebration of Le Pepe's freedom today! :D"
"the_donald"	"Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne announced Monday she accepted the Trump Administration position of Regional Administrator for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Southwest Region VI!"
"the_donald"	"I have a bad feeling about this..."
"the_donald"	"Listening to Lindsey Graham pander during the opening of the Sally Yates hearings . . . . . weak!"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES!"
"pics"	"Cool depth effect pic of a 60 + year old, weathered, fossilized bull head, I took at a friends farm this weekend."
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"askreddit"	"What is your trick to staying sane?"
"askreddit"	"Which do you find more important: face or body?"
"askreddit"	"How was your high-school experience?"
"askreddit"	"How did you become the most important person in the room?"
"askreddit"	"What's a thought/idea that cannot be expressed in English?"
"askreddit"	"Who's your celebrity crush?"
"askreddit"	"Which helpful features of commonly used products are often overlooked or not known about?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest movie you've ever watched?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest but legit acronym?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest thing about your school?"
"askreddit"	"Hairdressers/barbers of Reddit, what's the weirdest haircut someone has asked you to do?"
"askreddit"	"To those who do, why do you fake your religious beliefs?"
"askreddit"	"What moment in your life that was just pure luck?"
"askreddit"	"Besides rent, What is too damn valuable?"
"askreddit"	"Women who have had boob jobs, would you recommend? Or was it a mistake?"
"askreddit"	"Which quote from the Star Wars Prequels summarises how you feel right now?"
"askreddit"	"What's one thing that you judge people about?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is your favorite sexual position, and when did you last do that?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches: what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"What's a story that happened to you but no one will believe?"
"askreddit"	"What shampoo do you use and why?"
"askreddit"	"Why you cant find all apps with a Mac Laptop but with an Iphone?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best revenge story that left the person seeking revenge seeming as the bigger person?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best quote by any fictional character?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time you went somewhere because you felt obligated to and at the end you were glad you did?"
"funny"	"Cumming Plumbing ..."
"the_donald"	"Apple is now worth 800 billion dollars. Holy shit! Best American company of all time?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Who in your life do you wish death on?"
"askreddit"	"What side job/business did you run while in elementary or middle school?"
"funny"	"...starring Nicholas Cage"
"askreddit"	"What is your trick to staying sane?"
"askreddit"	"Which do you find more important: face or body?"
"askreddit"	"How was your high-school experience?"
"askreddit"	"How did you become the most important person in the room?"
"askreddit"	"What's a thought/idea that cannot be expressed in English?"
"askreddit"	"Who's your celebrity crush?"
"askreddit"	"Which helpful features of commonly used products are often overlooked or not known about?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest movie you've ever watched?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest but legit acronym?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest thing about your school?"
"askreddit"	"Hairdressers/barbers of Reddit, what's the weirdest haircut someone has asked you to do?"
"askreddit"	"To those who do, why do you fake your religious beliefs?"
"askreddit"	"What moment in your life that was just pure luck?"
"askreddit"	"Besides rent, What is too damn valuable?"
"askreddit"	"Women who have had boob jobs, would you recommend? Or was it a mistake?"
"askreddit"	"Which quote from the Star Wars Prequels summarises how you feel right now?"
"askreddit"	"What's one thing that you judge people about?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is your favorite sexual position, and when did you last do that?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches: what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"What's a story that happened to you but no one will believe?"
"askreddit"	"What shampoo do you use and why?"
"askreddit"	"Why you cant find all apps with a Mac Laptop but with an Iphone?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best revenge story that left the person seeking revenge seeming as the bigger person?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best quote by any fictional character?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time you went somewhere because you felt obligated to and at the end you were glad you did?"
"funny"	"...starring Nicholas Cage"
"funny"	"Cumming Plumbing ..."
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"gaming"	"This seems comfortable..[Warface]"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"gaming"	"Welcome... to Jurassic Park"
"worldnews"	"WATCH LIVE: Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Testifies on Russian Election Interference"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates to offer first public account of Michael Flynn's Russian contacts"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"worldnews"	"Suicide bomber kills at eight in Somalia"
"programming"	"Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat"
"programming"	"Firebird JDBC driver: Jaybird 3.0.0 is released"
"programming"	"libuv thread communication"
"programming"	"My Heroku Values"
"programming"	"AI learns to generate Mozart, Beethoven, Ragtime piano music"
"programming"	"Free Interactive Course - Understanding Flexbox: Everything you need to know"
"programming"	"Akamai Connector for Varnish out of beta"
"programming"	"Optical Showroom Project in Asp.Net"
"programming"	"1000x faster spelling correction, with term split/merge"
"programming"	"Sizzy - View multiple screen sizes at a time when developing responsive websites"
"programming"	"Handling the Handlebars! – Tips and Tricks while using Handlebars.js"
"programming"	"You are asking your test system the wrong questions!"
"programming"	"Two Ways to Share Git Hooks with Your Team"
"programming"	"Mobile First, Desktop Worst – Prototyping: From UX to Front End"
"programming"	"PlatformIO IDE 2.0 Beta 3 with Unified Debugger is out! 100+ embedded boards, multiple architectures, zero-configuration"
"programming"	"Are software developers a force for good?"
"programming"	"The Hitchhiker's Guide to AWS ECS and Docker"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"programming"	"IBM says remote working is great… after forcing employees to work from office"
"programming"	"A Beginner's Guide to Neural Networks in Python and SciKit Learn 0.18"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"the_donald"	"SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"
"the_donald"	"LIVE STREAM: Sally Yates Testifies On Russian interference In 2016 Elections 5/8/17"
"the_donald"	"Apple is now worth 800 billion dollars. Holy shit! Best American company of all time?"
"the_donald"	"Mattis in Denmark to Confer With Allies on Defeating ISIS"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo Agrees with President's Trumps Immigration Plan!"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't matter WHO we support, we all support net neutrality. (hit express)"
"the_donald"	"Report: NJ Islamic Convert Stabs His Family’s ‘Unclean’ Dog, Threatens To Kill His Own Mother"
"the_donald"	"When you get BTFO by Commander Spicer because you're annoying as fuck"
"the_donald"	"The only award Hillary deserves!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Real Story: 12 Years A Slave! (2005-2017) We finally emancipated Pepe from his cruel master!"
"the_donald"	"TRUMP 2020"
"the_donald"	"EPA Dismisses Academics On Advisory Board Criticized For Rubber-Stamping Climate Regs (See ya in 8 years, you crazy cucks!)"
"the_donald"	"Trump Wins Election so MS Media Shills Break Down and Cry on Live TV. Macron Wins Election so MS Media Shills Celebrate and Dance on Live TV. #VERYFAKENEWS"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"the_donald"	"Sums up France perfectly. Sad."
"the_donald"	"This rare Pepe fought through the depths of hell to deliver ShariaBlue a Message"
"the_donald"	"Pepe would be such a shitty comic without us!!!"
"the_donald"	"SUBMIT TO YOUR BENEFACTORS. ACCEPT ASSIMILATION. DO NOT RESIST PROGRESS."
"the_donald"	"Rape Legalization Gains Ground Amid Migrant Influx in Europe"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Macron, this seat is now taken."
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton Makes Macron’s Victory About Herself, Attacks the Media"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Today we thank our veterans. We honor you. And we resolve to defend the freedom that you won for us with your servi… https://t.co/CUkoMN1Zfm"
"the_donald"	"Border Patrol Arrests Two Illegals Hauling $1 Million in Marijuana Over Border"
"the_donald"	"In celebration of Le Pepe's freedom today! :D"
"the_donald"	"Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne announced Monday she accepted the Trump Administration position of Regional Administrator for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Southwest Region VI!"
"pics"	"Cool depth effect pic of a 60 + year old, weathered, fossilized bull head, I took at a friends farm this weekend."
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"askreddit"	"What is one of the most irresponsible things you have done at your job and never have gotten caught?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you believe in, that 99% of the world would disagree with you on?"
"askreddit"	"What did your ex do wrong?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Who in your life do you wish death on?"
"askreddit"	"What side job/business did you run while in elementary or middle school?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best thing you've seen on an online dating profile?"
"askreddit"	"Why does it seem like life hasn't changed much between 2017 and 2007; but if you can remember 2000 vs 1990, they really seem like *completely* different eras?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"askreddit"	"What band or singer famous in your country that you think should be more famous internationally?"
"askreddit"	"What song could you play in the middle of the night to scare the Ba-Jesus out of everyone who's sleeping?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of thing do you do or buy when you're in the mood to treat yo self?"
"askreddit"	"People who dropped out of school, how is your life today?"
"askreddit"	"Women and men, would you like your partner to be emotional or not and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are real life's most notable minigames?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you happy in life?"
"funny"	"...starring Nicholas Cage"
"funny"	"Cumming Plumbing ..."
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"gaming"	"This seems comfortable..[Warface]"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"gaming"	"Welcome... to Jurassic Park"
"worldnews"	"Russia Puts Europe on Alert as Putin's Warships Enter Waters After US Destroyer Swoops"
"worldnews"	"WATCH LIVE: Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Testifies on Russian Election Interference"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates to offer first public account of Michael Flynn's Russian contacts"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"programming"	"Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat"
"programming"	"Firebird JDBC driver: Jaybird 3.0.0 is released"
"programming"	"libuv thread communication"
"programming"	"My Heroku Values"
"programming"	"AI learns to generate Mozart, Beethoven, Ragtime piano music"
"programming"	"Free Interactive Course - Understanding Flexbox: Everything you need to know"
"programming"	"Akamai Connector for Varnish out of beta"
"programming"	"Optical Showroom Project in Asp.Net"
"programming"	"1000x faster spelling correction, with term split/merge"
"programming"	"Sizzy - View multiple screen sizes at a time when developing responsive websites"
"programming"	"Handling the Handlebars! – Tips and Tricks while using Handlebars.js"
"programming"	"You are asking your test system the wrong questions!"
"programming"	"Two Ways to Share Git Hooks with Your Team"
"programming"	"Mobile First, Desktop Worst – Prototyping: From UX to Front End"
"programming"	"PlatformIO IDE 2.0 Beta 3 with Unified Debugger is out! 100+ embedded boards, multiple architectures, zero-configuration"
"programming"	"Are software developers a force for good?"
"programming"	"The Hitchhiker's Guide to AWS ECS and Docker"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"programming"	"IBM says remote working is great… after forcing employees to work from office"
"programming"	"A Beginner's Guide to Neural Networks in Python and SciKit Learn 0.18"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"the_donald"	"Solar and wind energy is like a Nokia phone that costs $1000."
"the_donald"	"Last chance France. What will it be?"
"the_donald"	"Some people need to be strapped to a rocket and sent to the Sun. \"Muh hearing privilege!\""
"the_donald"	"[BREAKING] 90% of the bets placed on eve of the French Election are going towards Marine Le Pen. Possible indication of massive upset."
"the_donald"	"Watters DESTROYS A Psychologist That Claims Trump Is Mentally Ill"
"the_donald"	"Despite being called \"a racist white male\" this marine is proud to serve US under the Rainbow flag 🏳️‍🌈 🏳️‍🌈🌈"
"the_donald"	"Saw a fat pig in the grocery store this morning."
"the_donald"	"FBI Studies confirm the Ferguson effect. police officers are de-policing because of black lives matter and the regressive left."
"the_donald"	"Trump Blasts ‘Fake News’ Coverage Of House Obamacare Repeal Bill"
"the_donald"	"MFGA"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING! Expert Pollster Predicts Favored Candidate has UNPRECEDENTED 99% CHANCE OF WINNING!!! 60% to 37% Advantage in Polls!!! Oops.... That Was Nate Cuckster Predicting Hillary Would Win Michigan Primary."
"the_donald"	"A Border Wall Design That Even The Lefties Have To Love...Or Do You Hate Renewable Green Energy??"
"the_donald"	"Rank the fly traps"
"the_donald"	"Is there any exit poll data from France yet?"
"the_donald"	"Just your daily dose of dictionary definition of gender to trigger libs."
"the_donald"	"Based Beerman knocks out Antifa with one hand while not spilling a single drop of beer!"
"the_donald"	"Why Is James Comey Still Around?"
"the_donald"	"I think we are getting massively brigaded. I see battling votes on comments and threads. Send France your energy, and remember we win EITHER way. How? Imagine catching up after the election in France and figuring out what you weren't allowed to know. Remember, no matter what happens, stay nimble!"
"the_donald"	"Thanks to James Comey defense attorneys are now armed with a brand new argument, \"yes your Honor there is overwhelming evidence proving my clients guilt but he didn't know he was commiting a crime\""
"the_donald"	"emotions running high in anticipation for Le Pen victory. A short prayer for our French friends."
"the_donald"	"#BREAKING French election turnout 28.23 percent at midday: official"
"the_donald"	"Elderly woman with 2 dogs assaulted at pool party"
"the_donald"	"\"Get back to work so you can pay for my healthcare.\""
"the_donald"	"And WE the PEOPLE shall!"
"the_donald"	"SHE CAN DO THIS LADS"
"pics"	"Cool depth effect pic of a 60 + year old, weathered, fossilized bull head, I took at a friends farm this weekend."
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"askreddit"	"What is the unofficial slogan of your college?"
"askreddit"	"What is the unofficial slogan of your college?"
"askreddit"	"What is one of the most irresponsible things you have done at your job and never have gotten caught?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you believe in, that 99% of the world would disagree with you on?"
"askreddit"	"What did your ex do wrong?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Who in your life do you wish death on?"
"askreddit"	"What side job/business did you run while in elementary or middle school?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best thing you've seen on an online dating profile?"
"askreddit"	"Why does it seem like life hasn't changed much between 2017 and 2007; but if you can remember 2000 vs 1990, they really seem like *completely* different eras?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"askreddit"	"What band or singer famous in your country that you think should be more famous internationally?"
"askreddit"	"What song could you play in the middle of the night to scare the Ba-Jesus out of everyone who's sleeping?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of thing do you do or buy when you're in the mood to treat yo self?"
"askreddit"	"People who dropped out of school, how is your life today?"
"askreddit"	"Women and men, would you like your partner to be emotional or not and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are real life's most notable minigames?"
"funny"	"...starring Nicholas Cage"
"funny"	"Cumming Plumbing ..."
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"gaming"	"This seems comfortable..[Warface]"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"gaming"	"Welcome... to Jurassic Park"
"askreddit"	"What is the unofficial slogan of your college?"
"askreddit"	"What is one of the most irresponsible things you have done at your job and never have gotten caught?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you believe in, that 99% of the world would disagree with you on?"
"askreddit"	"What did your ex do wrong?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Who in your life do you wish death on?"
"askreddit"	"What side job/business did you run while in elementary or middle school?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best thing you've seen on an online dating profile?"
"askreddit"	"Why does it seem like life hasn't changed much between 2017 and 2007; but if you can remember 2000 vs 1990, they really seem like *completely* different eras?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"askreddit"	"What band or singer famous in your country that you think should be more famous internationally?"
"askreddit"	"What song could you play in the middle of the night to scare the Ba-Jesus out of everyone who's sleeping?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of thing do you do or buy when you're in the mood to treat yo self?"
"askreddit"	"People who dropped out of school, how is your life today?"
"askreddit"	"Women and men, would you like your partner to be emotional or not and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are real life's most notable minigames?"
"funny"	"...starring Nicholas Cage"
"funny"	"Cumming Plumbing ..."
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"gaming"	"This seems comfortable..[Warface]"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"gaming"	"Welcome... to Jurassic Park"
"worldnews"	"Russia Puts Europe on Alert as Putin's Warships Enter Waters After US Destroyer Swoops"
"worldnews"	"WATCH LIVE: Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Testifies on Russian Election Interference"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates to offer first public account of Michael Flynn's Russian contacts"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"programming"	"I read Java How To Program by Deitel And This Is What I Learnt"
"programming"	"User's POV and Empathy - Feature Overviews in Pull Requests, Commit Messages, and Code Comments"
"programming"	"Python based WebCrawler. Looking for collaborators!"
"programming"	"Gallery of programming UIs, by Jonathan Edwards"
"programming"	"Could a Doodle Replace Your Password?"
"programming"	"The Next Generation of Red Hat OpenShift Online is Here"
"programming"	"SIGGRAPH 2017 : Technical Papers Preview Trailer"
"programming"	"Red Hat And IBM Will Vote Against Java's Next Release"
"programming"	"Master Angular (both Angular 4 and Angular 2) and build awesome,"
"programming"	" The Emoji that exists but is not real"
"programming"	"Printing Statements to Console | Unity 3d and C# Complete Crash Course ..."
"programming"	"Booting the Linux Kernel Without an initrd/initramfs"
"programming"	"Story of development of the Twitch Plays game \"Guess a Sketch\""
"programming"	"9 lessons from 25 years of Linux kernel development"
"programming"	"Guy Steele on Computer Science Metanotation -- Celebration of Computer Science at Harvard in Honor of Harry Lewis"
"programming"	"TIOBE Index: the pack is closing in on Java and C"
"programming"	"Easy History an efficient way to browse your history and a good alternative to bookmarks"
"programming"	"JMAP, a better protocol for e-mail client connections"
"programming"	"Debugging HTTP(s) traffic in Android apps"
"programming"	"Meet Kanban Bubbles — a minimalist Kanban Board and Todo App for Android!"
"programming"	"Same Stats, Different Graphs: Generating Datasets with Varied Appearance and Identical Statistics through Simulated Annealing"
"programming"	"Get full days, weekdays and weeks between 2 datetimes in Java"
"programming"	"Automatic Proxy Configuration using PAC File, Batch Script and Windows Server 2012 GPP"
"programming"	"Simualtion Theory and The Sims"
"programming"	"I coded an Augmented Reality billiards game for my computer science class!"
"the_donald"	"To Make America Great Again, it helps to know what made America Great in the first place. The Answer is a culture of American Protestant Independence."
"the_donald"	"Are these dbags in Senate serious? \"Russian trolls favored Trump and undermined Clinton. This is not disputed by anyone serious and is a national security issue\" LOL"
"the_donald"	"SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"
"the_donald"	"LIVE STREAM: Sally Yates Testifies On Russian interference In 2016 Elections 5/8/17"
"the_donald"	"Apple is now worth 800 billion dollars. Holy shit! Best American company of all time?"
"the_donald"	"Mattis in Denmark to Confer With Allies on Defeating ISIS"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo Agrees with President's Trumps Immigration Plan!"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't matter WHO we support, we all support net neutrality. (hit express)"
"the_donald"	"Report: NJ Islamic Convert Stabs His Family’s ‘Unclean’ Dog, Threatens To Kill His Own Mother"
"the_donald"	"When you get BTFO by Commander Spicer because you're annoying as fuck"
"the_donald"	"The only award Hillary deserves!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Real Story: 12 Years A Slave! (2005-2017) We finally emancipated Pepe from his cruel master!"
"the_donald"	"TRUMP 2020"
"the_donald"	"EPA Dismisses Academics On Advisory Board Criticized For Rubber-Stamping Climate Regs (See ya in 8 years, you crazy cucks!)"
"the_donald"	"Trump Wins Election so MS Media Shills Break Down and Cry on Live TV. Macron Wins Election so MS Media Shills Celebrate and Dance on Live TV. #VERYFAKENEWS"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"the_donald"	"Sums up France perfectly. Sad."
"the_donald"	"This rare Pepe fought through the depths of hell to deliver ShariaBlue a Message"
"the_donald"	"Pepe would be such a shitty comic without us!!!"
"the_donald"	"SUBMIT TO YOUR BENEFACTORS. ACCEPT ASSIMILATION. DO NOT RESIST PROGRESS."
"the_donald"	"Rape Legalization Gains Ground Amid Migrant Influx in Europe"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Macron, this seat is now taken."
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton Makes Macron’s Victory About Herself, Attacks the Media"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Today we thank our veterans. We honor you. And we resolve to defend the freedom that you won for us with your servi… https://t.co/CUkoMN1Zfm"
"the_donald"	"Border Patrol Arrests Two Illegals Hauling $1 Million in Marijuana Over Border"
"pics"	"Cool depth effect pic of a 60 + year old, weathered, fossilized bull head, I took at a friends farm this weekend."
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"programming"	"Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat"
"programming"	"Firebird JDBC driver: Jaybird 3.0.0 is released"
"programming"	"libuv thread communication"
"programming"	"My Heroku Values"
"programming"	"AI learns to generate Mozart, Beethoven, Ragtime piano music"
"programming"	"Free Interactive Course - Understanding Flexbox: Everything you need to know"
"programming"	"Akamai Connector for Varnish out of beta"
"programming"	"Optical Showroom Project in Asp.Net"
"programming"	"1000x faster spelling correction, with term split/merge"
"programming"	"Sizzy - View multiple screen sizes at a time when developing responsive websites"
"programming"	"Handling the Handlebars! – Tips and Tricks while using Handlebars.js"
"programming"	"You are asking your test system the wrong questions!"
"programming"	"Two Ways to Share Git Hooks with Your Team"
"programming"	"Mobile First, Desktop Worst – Prototyping: From UX to Front End"
"programming"	"PlatformIO IDE 2.0 Beta 3 with Unified Debugger is out! 100+ embedded boards, multiple architectures, zero-configuration"
"programming"	"Are software developers a force for good?"
"programming"	"The Hitchhiker's Guide to AWS ECS and Docker"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"programming"	"IBM says remote working is great… after forcing employees to work from office"
"programming"	"A Beginner's Guide to Neural Networks in Python and SciKit Learn 0.18"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo Agrees with President Trump's Immigration Plan. Send Us Your Best or None at all."
"the_donald"	"These judges hearing the travel halt are pissing me off."
"askreddit"	"What is a great hype up song?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best subreddit?"
"askreddit"	"What character do you like that other people hate?"
"askreddit"	"Vets of the world! What are the best and worst stories of the relationship between pets and their owners that you've seen?"
"gaming"	"Damn you Walmart, got a little excited."
"the_donald"	"Shadilay 3:16"
"the_donald"	"Mr &amp; Mrs INFORMER OF THE YEAR: \"Obama warned(INFORMED) Trump against Flynn as NSA; Obama INFORMS Medved, 'more flexibility after election..'"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Joined @POTUS to welcome Georgian PM @KvirikashviliGi to @WhiteHouse &amp; reaffirmed commitment to Georgia's territori… https://t.co/Tqr7kiDVJW"
"the_donald"	"🚨SALLY YATES TESTIFIES IN CONGRESS ON SUPPOSED RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE 🚨 : WE ARE ALL RUSSIAN BOTS NOW!"
"the_donald"	"In light of new vandalism against Donald Trump's Star on the Walk of Fame, let's show some based love for Trump's star (and another icon)"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are you ashamed of?"
"askreddit"	"Australians of Reddit, what do you use as a Christmas tree?"
"askreddit"	"What character do you like that other people hate?"
"askreddit"	"Vets of the world! What are the best and worst stories of the relationship between pets and their owners that you've seen?"
"askreddit"	"What is a great hype up song?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best subreddit?"
"askreddit"	"What is the unofficial slogan of your college?"
"askreddit"	"What is one of the most irresponsible things you have done at your job and never have gotten caught?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you believe in, that 99% of the world would disagree with you on?"
"askreddit"	"What did your ex do wrong?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Who in your life do you wish death on?"
"askreddit"	"What side job/business did you run while in elementary or middle school?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best thing you've seen on an online dating profile?"
"askreddit"	"Why does it seem like life hasn't changed much between 2017 and 2007; but if you can remember 2000 vs 1990, they really seem like *completely* different eras?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are the most interesting villains and powers that non comic book readers might not be familiar with?"
"askreddit"	"What movie plot could be easily avoided ?"
"askreddit"	"If edible furniture was possible, what flavors would they be?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last thing you used incognito mode to google that wasn't nsfw?"
"askreddit"	"90% of humans will die if you don't sacrifice your own life. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's worse a blister on your pinky toe or having pop explode on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best elaborate joke you've heard?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most stupid premise for a TV show or move that actually worked really good?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit what do you think of guys who have three nipples? Would this be a turn off?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] We constantly hear about how they screw up, but what does the US government do right?"
"askreddit"	"What company's logo do you find the most aesthetically pleasing?"
"funny"	"...starring Nicholas Cage"
"funny"	"Cumming Plumbing ..."
"funny"	"Who's Chewbacca?"
"funny"	"Smile more : )"
"funny"	"Younger brother, dick?"
"funny"	"If she doesnt know what this is, shes too young for you bro."
"funny"	"I would do it for 20$"
"funny"	"Just a dog riding a horse"
"funny"	"Meanwhile, in dad-joke universe:"
"funny"	"Posted at a Lazy Dog Restaurant"
"funny"	"spagoggo(doggo)"
"funny"	"Hair?"
"funny"	"Chinese are masters at forgeries:"
"funny"	"Was looking at reviews for a local movie theater..."
"funny"	"He's good."
"funny"	"I'm getting mixed messages here."
"funny"	"Ghost attacks 2 wrestlers!!"
"funny"	"They're grrrrrrrrrreat!"
"funny"	"\"I got drunk at the office party, fell asleep on the train... and I need a ride.\""
"funny"	"I'm going to hell for this"
"funny"	"Wait, did you say 6'4\""
"funny"	"This truck has been around"
"funny"	"The dying words of my biro."
"funny"	"After almost 5 years being a redditor, it's still on my bucket list."
"funny"	"Belief in dog will make you a happier person:"
"gaming"	"Damn you Walmart, got a little excited."
"gaming"	"This seems comfortable..[Warface]"
"gaming"	"Every game update ever!!!"
"gaming"	"Finally got Mario up in the Office."
"gaming"	"Collection of old school fighting game backgrounds"
"gaming"	"Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe playthrough_The Flash"
"gaming"	"This is why I hate the nameless king"
"gaming"	"How to KILL your kids in GTA V!"
"gaming"	"Watchdogs 2, getting in to the stadium"
"gaming"	"[Witcher &amp; King Arthur] I knew he reminded me of someone"
"gaming"	"Christian Bale keeping it real"
"gaming"	"Old games like Pacman, Tetris, Mario etc made you replay the same stages without overstaying their welcome. What are some modern games and stages that manage this?"
"gaming"	"Nope I'm just gonna hide up here ok guys (TF2)(OC)"
"gaming"	"Out of ammo, secures the win (X-Post from r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS"
"gaming"	"Black Ops III DLC5 Trailer"
"gaming"	"Difficulty modes in rpg's"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know if there are any side quests in Ocarina of Time that only have one opportunity to complete?"
"gaming"	"PS2 games still worth a play through?"
"gaming"	"Going through some old junk at my Mom's. Still works perfectly."
"gaming"	"Spider man 2 video game"
"gaming"	"[RE7] Oh, no, I'm not gonna fall for that!"
"gaming"	"Batman Arkham knight on pc"
"gaming"	"What happened to the handling in racing games?"
"gaming"	"Sony banned my friend's account for scamming, althought he did nothing"
"gaming"	"*Tink*..."
"worldnews"	"Russia Puts Europe on Alert as Putin's Warships Enter Waters After US Destroyer Swoops"
"worldnews"	"WATCH LIVE: Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates Testifies on Russian Election Interference"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates to offer first public account of Michael Flynn's Russian contacts"
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbours, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan lashes ‘racist’ Israel, calls for Muslims to flood Temple Mount"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives open up record lead - ICM poll"
"worldnews"	"Diver shares shocking photos of rays with their heads sliced open after cruel fishers mortally wounded them before tossing them back into the sea in horrific cases of animal cruelty"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Protest Vote for 'Nobody' Was Highest In Half a Century"
"worldnews"	"Germany must lift border controls, EU executive says"
"worldnews"	"Turning Plastic to Oil, U.K. Startup Sees Money in Saving Oceans"
"worldnews"	"Sulley Muntari says Fifa and Uefa 'not taking racism seriously' World News"
"worldnews"	"AP FACT CHECK: White House opaque on Trump's travel costs"
"worldnews"	"Tunisian job protests hit oil and gas output"
"worldnews"	"Coach, Kate Spade shares jump on news of $2.4 billion merger"
"worldnews"	"Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit"
"worldnews"	"Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath"
"worldnews"	"Postpartum psychosis: ‘I’m a thing possessed, an animal. I am nearly sectioned twice’"
"worldnews"	"Indian Air Force takes aim at gender norms"
"worldnews"	"Obama to discuss climate change in Italy"
"worldnews"	"CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates tweets to 'witness intimidation'"
"worldnews"	"Trump Travel Ban Appealed"
"worldnews"	"Canada authorities recall Bombay gin accidentally made twice as strong"
"worldnews"	"China Lawyer's Family Says US Helped Them Flee"
"worldnews"	"Syria war: Rebels start leaving Damascus district of Barzeh"
"worldnews"	"Warren Buffett: Health care is a \"tape worm\" for the U.S."
"programming"	"Oracle fires Java warning at IBM and Red Hat"
"programming"	"Firebird JDBC driver: Jaybird 3.0.0 is released"
"programming"	"libuv thread communication"
"programming"	"My Heroku Values"
"programming"	"AI learns to generate Mozart, Beethoven, Ragtime piano music"
"programming"	"Free Interactive Course - Understanding Flexbox: Everything you need to know"
"programming"	"Akamai Connector for Varnish out of beta"
"programming"	"Optical Showroom Project in Asp.Net"
"programming"	"1000x faster spelling correction, with term split/merge"
"programming"	"Sizzy - View multiple screen sizes at a time when developing responsive websites"
"programming"	"Handling the Handlebars! – Tips and Tricks while using Handlebars.js"
"programming"	"You are asking your test system the wrong questions!"
"programming"	"Two Ways to Share Git Hooks with Your Team"
"programming"	"Mobile First, Desktop Worst – Prototyping: From UX to Front End"
"programming"	"PlatformIO IDE 2.0 Beta 3 with Unified Debugger is out! 100+ embedded boards, multiple architectures, zero-configuration"
"programming"	"Are software developers a force for good?"
"programming"	"The Hitchhiker's Guide to AWS ECS and Docker"
"programming"	"Things to Use Instead of JWT"
"programming"	"IBM says remote working is great… after forcing employees to work from office"
"programming"	"A Beginner's Guide to Neural Networks in Python and SciKit Learn 0.18"
"programming"	"I wrote a tool to version control API.ai"
"programming"	"There's no good reason to use Nodejs"
"programming"	"Opensource.com is giving away an O'Reilly Safari subscription + a free O'Reilly eBook download"
"programming"	"Has anyone written the code under GPL to build a UPC database and extract information from it when a barcode is scanned? I'm looking to do this for a brewpub to be able to sell beer by the bottle as well as from draft (draught)."
"programming"	"Zero to Hero with Asp Net Core"
"the_donald"	"Decided to search \"gender studies\" on Quizlet ..."
"the_donald"	"So tired of the Russia narrative! I am it a Russian bot or troll! REEEEEEEEE!"
"the_donald"	"Shadilay 3:16"
"the_donald"	"Mr &amp; Mrs INFORMER OF THE YEAR: \"Obama warned(INFORMED) Trump against Flynn as NSA; Obama INFORMS Medved, 'more flexibility after election..'"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Joined @POTUS to welcome Georgian PM @KvirikashviliGi to @WhiteHouse &amp; reaffirmed commitment to Georgia's territori… https://t.co/Tqr7kiDVJW"
"the_donald"	"🚨SALLY YATES TESTIFIES IN CONGRESS ON SUPPOSED RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE 🚨 : WE ARE ALL RUSSIAN BOTS NOW!"
"the_donald"	"In light of new vandalism against Donald Trump's Star on the Walk of Fame, let's show some based love for Trump's star (and another icon)"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo Agrees with President Trump's Immigration Plan. Send Us Your Best or None at all."
"the_donald"	"These judges hearing the travel halt are pissing me off."
"the_donald"	"To Make America Great Again, it helps to know what made America Great in the first place. The Answer is a culture of American Protestant Independence."
"the_donald"	"Are these dbags in Senate serious? \"Russian trolls favored Trump and undermined Clinton. This is not disputed by anyone serious and is a national security issue\" LOL"
"the_donald"	"SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED"
"the_donald"	"LIVE STREAM: Sally Yates Testifies On Russian interference In 2016 Elections 5/8/17"
"the_donald"	"Apple is now worth 800 billion dollars. Holy shit! Best American company of all time?"
"the_donald"	"Mattis in Denmark to Confer With Allies on Defeating ISIS"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo Agrees with President's Trumps Immigration Plan!"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't matter WHO we support, we all support net neutrality. (hit express)"
"the_donald"	"Report: NJ Islamic Convert Stabs His Family’s ‘Unclean’ Dog, Threatens To Kill His Own Mother"
"the_donald"	"When you get BTFO by Commander Spicer because you're annoying as fuck"
"the_donald"	"The only award Hillary deserves!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's Real Story: 12 Years A Slave! (2005-2017) We finally emancipated Pepe from his cruel master!"
"the_donald"	"TRUMP 2020"
"the_donald"	"EPA Dismisses Academics On Advisory Board Criticized For Rubber-Stamping Climate Regs (See ya in 8 years, you crazy cucks!)"
"the_donald"	"Trump Wins Election so MS Media Shills Break Down and Cry on Live TV. Macron Wins Election so MS Media Shills Celebrate and Dance on Live TV. #VERYFAKENEWS"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. It can’t be bargained with. It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"pics"	"Cool depth effect pic of a 60 + year old, weathered, fossilized bull head, I took at a friends farm this weekend."
"pics"	"\"Bold Jumping Spider\" I found (Or rather, found me) while I was working out outside...never seen one before, and they're awesome looking!"
"pics"	"I took a photo of a building that looks like a painting"
"pics"	"A picture I took in Porto Alegre, Brazil."
"pics"	"The new 8ft statue of King Arthur on the top of Tintagel cliffs"
"pics"	"Kolmanskop ghost town - Luderitz, Namibia"
"pics"	"Facebook is blocking Thai users from seeing video of their king in a crop top."
"pics"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972, photo by Glen F"
"pics"	"Listening to the latest Lore Podcast episode caused me to Google \"manatee boobs\" This is what came up."
"pics"	"When you know your girlfriend's son has accepted you."
"pics"	"Kamchatka ice cave in Russia"
"pics"	"I did another thing in Photoshop, that I'm also fairly proud of."
"pics"	"The Metro"
"pics"	"Spotted this on my lunch break (Long Island, NY)"
"pics"	"Rasterized"
"pics"	"Groggy the gremlin"
"pics"	"This lady has the easiest job in the world"
"pics"	"Two ponies I've seen on my sunday morning ride... just wanted to share"
"pics"	"What is in my sandwich?"
"pics"	"this bird looks like trump"
"pics"	"Female archers competing, Mongolia"
"pics"	"(Serious) Found this in my back yard today, does anyone know what it is? Appears to be a femur of sorts, but I'm unsure if it is from a human or animal."
"pics"	"Hey Reddit does anyone know what this thing is?"
"pics"	"Banana Slug for scale"
"askreddit"	"What are some things to do/places to visit as high school seniors for vacation?"
"askreddit"	"What is your family's best thing?"
"the_donald"	"Jordan Peterson on Trump's Intelligence"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is one thing you could NEVER do, and why?"
"the_donald"	"Christiane Amanpour's victory dance (now with appropriate background music)"
"the_donald"	"Where's POS Obama getting his information from regarding Pres. Trump and Flynn?"
"the_donald"	"Scott Adams blog post: \"What is the tipping point for Muslim immigration?\""
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest story you love to tell?"
"askreddit"	"What was the moment when you realized you're an asshole?"
"funny"	"First confirmed delivery of Trumpcare"
"the_donald"	"I did get the Nobel Peace Prize"
"the_donald"	"Does the new Antifa flag remind you of anything?"
"askreddit"	"What is your family's deepest secret?"
"gaming"	"Completely fictional WWII game?"
"the_donald"	"HMMMM... such high traffic."
"the_donald"	"New CNN game show for Liberals."
"askreddit"	"What are some good and reliable news website ?"
"the_donald"	"T_D has grown tremendously over the past year. What are some of your favorite memes, lets educate some of the new pedes on the history of the meme war!"
"gaming"	"Some of my Rainbow Six Siege highlights (first video ever made)"
"askreddit"	"What's the most inappropriate time someone noticed you looking at Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"TIL leverage is pronounced leeeverage."
"the_donald"	"Same response I get any time I try and educate liberals."
"askreddit"	"What does every boy need to know about being a man?"
"askreddit"	"What should you do when you find out you have a tip-of-pinkie-sized shit-stained spot on your white t-shirt hours after you were having a number 2?"
"askreddit"	"What job is actually much less unpleasant than it seems?"
"worldnews"	"Suicide bomber kills at eight in Somalia"
"funny"	"SLIDE UP WITH CARE"
"gaming"	"New mouse to buy?"
"programming"	"Pris – A language for designing slides"
"the_donald"	"43% OF MACRON VOTERS CHOSE HIM TO OPPOSE LE PEN. FRANCE IS A JOKE."
"the_donald"	"Peak Anti-Gun Paranoia: Ohio School Suspends 7th Grader For Liking Instagram Photo Of Toy Gun"
"the_donald"	"Welcoming people that systematically discriminate against you? What could go wrong!"
"gaming"	"Proof that Conker has been gone too long."
"the_donald"	"Cucked user of r/de asks me to explain Reddit's censorship of The_Donald, then finally admits that he'd rather see the entire sub banned. NASTY PEOPLE!"
"askreddit"	"People who don't ever finish anything, what happened when you finally did?"
"the_donald"	"Teacher Placed On Leave After Students Smash Trump Pinata"
"the_donald"	"MODS DO YOUR JOB AND STICKY THE YATES HEARING WE MAKE SURE THERES NO FUCKERY!"
"askreddit"	"Thrillseekers of reddit, what is the scariest situation you've found yourself in while adventuring?"
"askreddit"	"What does the average fan look like to their respective artists?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best online dating app for someone looking for relationships rather than hookups?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most random answer you have given that happened to be correct?"
"worldnews"	"South Boston double murder suspect held without bail - The Boston Globe"
"the_donald"	"Federal Prosecutor talks about investigating government corruption, fraud, hit men, faked executions, money laundering, destroyed evidence, birth certificate forging and more...[video]"
"pics"	"Get to da Choppa...traila!"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, what's your funniest/sadest/most cringey/whatever story with uber?"
"askreddit"	"Security Personnel what is the weirdest thing you've seen?"
"askreddit"	"People that post on GoFundMe for your vacations, how much have you raised?"
"funny"	"I think Oedipus shops at Brookstone"
"the_donald"	"Well this is a rare occasion CNN actually reporting some truth about Trump and his admin"
"funny"	"I think I'll have lunch in my car."
"the_donald"	"Debra Messing Urges Americans to Resist | 28th Annual GLAAD Media Awards"
"the_donald"	"ЛЯГУШОНОК ПЕПЕ МЕРТВ"
"the_donald"	"Happy VE Day! Celebrating 72 years of a NAZI free world!"
"the_donald"	"Sen. Whitehouse"
"the_donald"	"/Pol/and is Officially the Most BASED Euro Country"
"askreddit"	"Left-handed people of Reddit, what is the best pen you have used that writes well but doesn't smudge?"
"funny"	"He has a strong opinion about pasta"
"the_donald"	"MAN &amp; it OF THE YEAR, THE INFORMER: \"Obama warned (INFORMED) Trump against Flynn as NSA; Obama INFORMED Medved, 'more flexibility after election..'"
"the_donald"	"Wife, Mother, Business Leader."
"the_donald"	"The Senate Russia hearing opening statements tell us everything we need to know about our Senate and this issue - snowjob. Fuck our leaders."
"pics"	"Sorry For The Double Vision Potato Quality, But Found A Redditor In Real Life"
"askreddit"	"What about human progress in the past few years astounds you?"
"askreddit"	"Living in Japan are you careful about where your food comes from in terms of radioactive contamination?"
"worldnews"	"Tax is only one part of the deal for those in work"
"programming"	"Google’s “Fuchsia” smartphone OS dumps Linux, has a wild new UI"
"the_donald"	"If by hate group you mean we all hate Hillary Clinton and the system of government she represents then by all means I agree."
"the_donald"	"Justice Department swears in seven new immigration judges"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst crime you've ever committed? [serious]"
"askreddit"	"Google employees of reddit, what do you do and how is your perception of your company?"
"funny"	"Fourth largest religion..."
"worldnews"	"Prosecutors detail South Boston double murder in bedside arraignment"
"the_donald"	"Trump redpilled this country, even normies are starting to see the truth."
"the_donald"	"She is not giving up. Nor will we."
"the_donald"	"So let me get this straight. It's a remarkable defeat when Macaroni wins in France with no experience, but when we want change here in the US, it's the complete opposite. Alright, CNN."
"pics"	"The Road Signs in Utah"
"pics"	"My 3 year-old's latest hide-and-seek spot"
"askreddit"	"Hey redditers who host social gatherings, how do you deal with the proliferation of food allergies and food intolerances that seem to be proliferating?"
"the_donald"	"It's V-E Day! Be sure to thank the Vets of our Greatest Generation"
"worldnews"	"EU wants China's help to stop boats being used by migrants"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite dungeons &amp; dragons anecdote?"
"askreddit"	"What's a dumb question?"
"askreddit"	"NSFW Fetishes: What's less comfortable?"
"gaming"	"How To Shoot Like a Man!"
"askreddit"	"What song completely switches up on you?"
"worldnews"	"What do you think of gates at Old Top of the World Drive near trail heads?"
"the_donald"	"The leftist cucks think they can kill Pepe. Piss off Matt Furie!"
"askreddit"	"Whats your lame superpower?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, can you finish the sentence, \"I just think it's bullsh*t when ......?\""
"the_donald"	"Pepe's response to Matt Furie \"surrendering control of the character to the far right\" (VERY RARE) (no stealz)"
"pics"	"Fikret Alic, famous survivor of the Trnopolje concentration camp was interviewed 25 years ago. He returned to the same place in 2012"
"askreddit"	"What have you done with the best intentions that ended up backfiring completely?"
"askreddit"	"What do you or your friends do continuously that annoy the fuck out of each other?"
"funny"	"Abra Kadraba Alakaslam"
"the_donald"	"MFW I'm pissed off but there is a friend nearby."
"pics"	"Letter my Grandfather wrote to his parents during WW2"
"askreddit"	"What is mildly annoying you today?"
"gaming"	"Can you use a usb storage drive for a ps tv?"
"worldnews"	"Trump: Obamacare is 'dead'"
"worldnews"	"Prepared Meal Delivery Service"
"pics"	"Stunning gymnasts performance"
"pics"	"The history of \"The Buck\""
"askreddit"	"What is something you did as a kid that would surprise people know?"
"pics"	"Sweet jesus it's not even photoshopped"
"askreddit"	"Lock problem"
"gaming"	"Tekken 7’s Harada says Japanese development still dead"
"the_donald"	"Naked Land Grab: Jerusalem dictates 'US must recognize Israeli sovereignty over Syrian territory! (the gas &amp; water rich Golan)"
"the_donald"	"This crazy democratic fuckwit made a checklist of all of Russia's election tampering. Proceeded to not check a single thing off the list. THEY ARENT SENDING THEIR BEST FOLKS!!!"
"the_donald"	"Found a true fascist in the wild - user of r/de asks me to explain Reddit's censorship of T_D, then finally admits he thinks the sub should be banned, and people who practice \"hate speech\" should be persecuted. NASTY PEOPLE!"
"askreddit"	"Hollywood contacts you to write both the sequel and prequel to Se7en, called 6ix and 8ight respectively. What are the plotlines?"
"the_donald"	"Smash Cultural Marxism"
"pics"	"The Holy Grail of Avocado"
"askreddit"	"You found a genie who will grant you anything you want, however, he had a terrible week and wants to screw you. What do you wish for?"
"funny"	"Why am I not surprised by this?"
"askreddit"	"Animated or live action? Why?"
"askreddit"	"Know any funny clips/standup/pics suitable for grade 12 analysis?"
"askreddit"	"How do you guys deal with people that are immune to logic and facts?"
"the_donald"	"Obama warned of Flynn after election: reports Just hit the news today? how convenient ...Hahahahahaha NBC LOSERS"
"pics"	"The face of this cat I found in a bookstore is pure disappointment."
"askreddit"	"Does anyone else feel bad when they're around people who are unatractive, boring and low on self-steem?"
"askreddit"	"Why did you choose your current job/career or college major?"
"askreddit"	"Superheroes play hide and seek. Who wins?"
"funny"	"randy orton's dog"
"funny"	"Before every exam"
"gaming"	"Modded my Gameboy with a repaint, new speaker, new battery light, backlight, and bivert. Really proud of my first attempt and wanted to share!"
"the_donald"	"If Dems knew all along Flynn was shady &amp; criticize Trump for missing \"red flags\" - why did Obama renew Flynn's security clearance in 2016?"
"the_donald"	"The future must not belong to those who slander the religion of KEK"
"funny"	"How to wrap a joint, the right way"
"askreddit"	"How much do you lift? Why or why not?"
"funny"	"OKER GIRL EATS MERMAID"
"funny"	"That's what happened to me"
"the_donald"	"Bernie Sanders receives participation award. Here's how he can still win..."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, how am I getting fucked?"
"worldnews"	"New UK law means people could have to verify their age at Post Office before they can watch porn online."
"the_donald"	"🌶🌶🌶 SHITPOSTER-IN-CHIEF 1 YEAR AGO TODAY: POCAHONTAS BTFO 🌶🌶🌶"
"pics"	"Legs dangling from a high-rise. (x-post r/danglegs)"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst misjudgment you made on a person?"
"askreddit"	"What's your opinion on Yondr pouches at live events such as concerts that require you to lock your phone up in a given pouch before entering the event?"
"the_donald"	"Live: Sally Yates testifies before Senate subcommittee investigating Russia ties to the election"
"funny"	"The white 50 Tyson."
"funny"	"How to lock your bike properly."
"the_donald"	"X-Post from /r/the_schulz"
"askreddit"	"How long will my wife and I survive, if this was a horror movie?"
"askreddit"	"People who wait until a half second before they turn to turn on their blinker, what do you think of Mochizuki's Interuniversal Teichmuller theory?"
"askreddit"	"If you could have any mundane super power what would it be and how would you use it, Mundane implying it has an equally large restriction?"
"the_donald"	"BOOM! Trump Alleges Hillary Lackey Sally Yates Leaked Classified Info to Liberal Media"
"askreddit"	"How does one get A prescription for medical marijuana in New York with no real reason?"
"gaming"	"Has anyone translated Kairosoft's PC games?"
"worldnews"	"British woman attacked with acid at popular Algarve holiday resort"
"the_donald"	"Daily reminder that James Clapper is a lying piece of shit"
"funny"	"When you're on a diet but cheese cake is life."
"askreddit"	"How would reddit look like if it existed in the 90's &amp; What posts do you think you would see?"
"funny"	"When you lactose intolerant but your Engrish lebel is no good 🤣"
"funny"	"Why I hate people"
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton hails Macron victory, takes aim at media"
"the_donald"	"Rep. Allen West obliterates leftist report. It's easily in the top 10 smackdowns. [2012]"
"the_donald"	"How many hearings will it take until a shred of evidence of \"Russia interference\" will be presented? Don't hold your breathe."
"askreddit"	"Redditors who loat their flare or paasion for their career, why did you start it and why do you despise it now?"
"the_donald"	"*REMINDER* James Clapper is a known Liar. #SallyYatesHearing"
"askreddit"	"What is the primary emotion you feel when you open Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"The Day The World Went Away' - Playing By The Rule"
"the_donald"	"Why does nobody ask about the possibility that the CIA was responsible for hacking and leaving Russian fingerprints as \"evidence\" of Russian interference? Is that not a legitimately relevant possibility?"
"askreddit"	"What did you say to your kid where after you went, \"Oops that was probably permanent damage..\""
"worldnews"	"How a Gujarat riot victim stood up to her rapists world news"
"worldnews"	"Guinea anthrax outbreak sickens 5, one dead"
"the_donald"	"Clapper is a proven multiple time liar under oath. Plains and simple not a credible witness. Senate is putting on a bullshit show for the media. The only hope for justice is the DOJ or more leakers. Or ..."
"the_donald"	"WTF? Clapper just stated that the Russian govt released hacked emails to Wikileaks. Didn't Assange explicitly say his sources were /NOT THE RUSSIANS/ ??"
"askreddit"	"Is it safe to eat fried fish left in a box thats a day old if I microwave it"
"askreddit"	"People who only ever did the minimum in school to get by, do you regret it? Why or why not?"
"funny"	"That's some strong training"
"the_donald"	"we are being brigaded 285 karma out of 486. I was at exactly 13000 last night"
"gaming"	"Painted Willow's lighter for my boyfriends birthday"
"funny"	"Why did the duck go to rehab?"
"the_donald"	"Ice age to freeze Britain thanks to climate change on 'this date'"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been so scared you peed your pants?"
"funny"	"For those of us taking final exams this week"
"the_donald"	"POTUS is making the most of the distracting and meaningless Yates testimony. New immigration judges, and climate change peddlers purged."
"the_donald"	"Instead of Russia, the real investigation in meddling with the election should be on the MSM and DNC!"
"askreddit"	"You can now interview ANYONE from history without actually changing the outcome of history itself. Who and why?"
"askreddit"	"One step for man..."
"askreddit"	"What is the worst break up you've seen?"
"the_donald"	"Melania Trump decoded: one expert reveals how smart she really is"
"pics"	"Mississippi river flooding into a playground in Southern Illinois"
"askreddit"	"Truckers of Reddit that have driven US129 (the tail of the dragon) how did you make it through? What happens if you get stuck?"
"askreddit"	"What seems bad in your life right now but really isn't so bad?"
"askreddit"	"where can i teach begginers arabic online ?"
"the_donald"	"The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated."
"askreddit"	"If the United States went back to the voting system in which the runner up became Vice President, what, if anything, would be different?"
"funny"	"Wait a minute..."
"askreddit"	"What did you break while having sex?"
"askreddit"	"Are there any members of your family which genuinely grate on you, and if so for what reason?"
"askreddit"	"why do we fall?"
"gaming"	"The shutter of a closed gaming shop in the UK."
"the_donald"	"T-Mobile: Hopefully with the success of ISIS it will expand in additional areas."
"askreddit"	"Who Has Any Idea"
"askreddit"	"Who's your favorite human? (besides family/SO)"
"the_donald"	"Lynn de Rothschild Economist: \"Republicans, feeling robbed of their turn, are bracing for a fight\" | Sorry globalists, \"Republicans\" already won"
"the_donald"	"But that's none of my business..."
"askreddit"	"What would be the Skynet equivalent, \"Oh my God what have we done!?\" of your job?"
"askreddit"	"What are you most proud of?"
"the_donald"	"they are not sending their best, folks. OUT! OUT! OUT!"
"askreddit"	"For all the successful/rich people, when did you finally realize that you made it?"
"funny"	"It's Lit"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What are some REALISTIC/PRACTICAL alternatives to the Electoral College?"
"funny"	"Here about the man who tried to walk around the world? He drowned."
"worldnews"	"Underwater alarms putting health of whales, dolphins and porpoises at risk"
"the_donald"	"Here's Something You Don't Hear Much About: The 175 People Suing CNN For Racial Discrimination"
"funny"	"Even flamingos struggle on Mondays"
"the_donald"	"If these judges maintain the halt on Trump's travel EO, he needs to shut down ALL immigration."
"the_donald"	"David Rubin LIVE with Jordan Peterson: Free Speech, Psychology, Gender Pronouns"
"the_donald"	"You're against Pedosexuality? YOU BIGOT!"
"the_donald"	"Why is this Pepe not 50 points ahead?"
"askreddit"	"Hey fellow men of reddit, what wad the worst time you got a boner?"
"askreddit"	"Fat people who became skinny or vice versa, what changed the most about the way people treated you?"
"askreddit"	"What did your ex do right?"
"funny"	"Why I hate people"
"the_donald"	"RIP to all of Europe. Macron's First Phone Call as French President-Elect Is to Chancellor Merkel"
"the_donald"	"So long for now, France. History repeats itself again. I wish you the best of luck."
"askreddit"	"What good fortune have you experienced that you decided was better not to tell anybody about?"
"gaming"	"Why 'gamers' are pathetic to me."
"the_donald"	"Kek Documentary \"Children of Darkness - The Mental Illness of Social Justice Warriors\""
"the_donald"	"I fixed Sen. Whitehouse's checklist for him"
"the_donald"	"Ageism has no place in love!"
"askreddit"	"What is a good nickname for a person named Bill?"
"askreddit"	"Did your high school do anything special (which you felt was genuinely successful) to welcome students back in the fall?"
"askreddit"	"What is the going on in each state of the USA from local Redditors that live there? Are there protests? Is it quiet? Should citizens that do not live in the US be worried?"
"the_donald"	"The Europe of tomorrow."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have been in bad churches: What's your story?"
"funny"	"Who's a good boy?"
"pics"	"Her face says it all"
"askreddit"	"You can teleport once every 24 hours to anywhere on earth. How would you use this?"
"askreddit"	"Tabletop players of Reddit, What character was your favorite?"
"askreddit"	"Where is the worst place you've ever started laughing uncontrollably?"
"the_donald"	"Again NO detail about RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE, only that the RUSSIANS must be congratulating themselves."
"askreddit"	"What is the most common misconception about your hobby?"
"askreddit"	"Why does Cartoon Network keep rebooting shows with the same \"cutesy\" animation style?"
"askreddit"	"How do you guys deal and live with people that are immune to facts and logic?"
"the_donald"	"Ignorant of the Holy Bible, the giant Goliath was a champion of the Philistines. He gave his name to \"The Golan Heights', which has never been an integral part of the State of Israel,\""
"askreddit"	"Redditors who had doubts prior to getting married, how are you now?"
"askreddit"	"Why do pick up lines work?"
"the_donald"	"PRAISE KEK!!"
"pics"	"Just a squirrel enjoying a morning latte I made for him"
"pics"	"I found this really helpful review while looking for museums to explore"
"pics"	"So I guess Elvis lives..."
"askreddit"	"What is a name that makes you angry just hearing it?"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit, what is your \"caught looking/peeking\" moment?"
"askreddit"	"French redditors or anyone else interested in politics, how do you feel about Emmanuel Marcon becoming the new French President?"
"askreddit"	"What's a way y'all use to cope when you're being used in the middle of intense family strife?"
"worldnews"	"Cheap flights: Choosing the right airport can save you hundreds of dollars"
"the_donald"	"I am slowly starting to believe that the USA truly is One Nation under God, a beacon of freedom. [Warning: long post full of pro-America-love]"
"askreddit"	"Filipinos of Reddit, what do you actually feel about President Duterte?"
"askreddit"	"How would you describe your sex life with a Spongebob quote?"
"the_donald"	"Ia this a roleplay or something?"
"the_donald"	"Trump and Hillary Catch Frogs SPOILER ALERT: TRUMP WINS"
"askreddit"	"What's your favourite emoji combination?"
"askreddit"	"Question. Which bear is best?"
"askreddit"	"What company/service has impressed you with their excellent customer service?"
"askreddit"	"What are some fun movies to watch that aren't super plot intensive?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Citizens of Europe and Great Britain after the recent election in France do you have an answer for the current state of immigration and spread of militant Islam which in turn fuels the extreme right and helps to breed racism/hatred on both sides?"
"the_donald"	"ZZZZ (Mr) &amp; zzzz (Mrs) Chromosome: The Year of The INFORMER: \"Obama warned (INFORMED) Trump against Flynn as NSA - Fake News' smokescreen for Obama's Wiretapping; Obama INFORMED Medved, 'more flexibility after election..'"
"askreddit"	"Redittors on page 3 looking for a decent question, realistically what do you think the future will be like over the next 5,10 &amp; 20+ years?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your inspirational personality?"
"funny"	"Spare a quarter? I yabba-dabba-dont have pockets."
"funny"	"Spotted at Penn State University"
"the_donald"	"The Ministry of Truth would like to remind you that there is no collusion in the MSM"
"the_donald"	"The Quran says the Muslims will one day dominate the planet. Unfortunately for them, they don't know how to fight like we do. Remember what happened last time?"
"askreddit"	"What are some ways to get over an ex?"
"the_donald"	"Alex Wylie on Twitter: Yates is their last hope of Trump-Russian narrative"
"askreddit"	"What piece of non-religious works (books, movies, music, etc.) would cause the most change if removed from history?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates is teh ultra cringe"
"pics"	"I'm not much of a selfie guy but I'm digging this one."
"askreddit"	"What would have happened if the Republic of China defeated the Chinese Communist party in the Chinese Civil War?"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest plothole in your life?"
"askreddit"	"Motorcycle cops of Reddit, what do you keep in your saddlebags?"
"the_donald"	"Macron Of France Presents Plans To Redesign The Eiffel Tower"
"askreddit"	"How often do you need to fill up your gas tank in your car?"
"funny"	"Wow Yelp...your knack for personalization is uncanny"
"the_donald"	"Every generation has someone who steps outside the norm and offers a voice for the unspeakable attitudes of that time. I represent everything that's supposed to be wrong, everything that is forbidden."
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates (summarized) - I can't talk about anything. You're welcome."
"askreddit"	"What is the most embarrassing situation in which you cried?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Recovering addicts of Reddit, at what moment did you realize you \"had a problem?\""
"askreddit"	"Which white singers were succeded by sounding black?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about the speech that Emma Watson made at the MTV Awards?"
"askreddit"	"What art piece do you consider masterful, a 10/10 and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you think is cool but others don't?"
"funny"	"Funny Face image"
"askreddit"	"What video/photo/etc do you wish you'd never seen?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you think you're good at your current job or career?"
"funny"	"I hate the harlem shake but this one made me laugh!"
"the_donald"	"Child raping Democrat mayor of Seattle will not seek reelection."
"gaming"	"Streamer Tries Minecraft For the First Time."
"pics"	"A small album of Aurora Borealis photos I took in Iceland."
"the_donald"	"This Instagram account is CANCER."
"the_donald"	"\"Foregone Conclusion\" == \"Settled Science\""
"the_donald"	"Why did the color scheme changed green? Permanent?"
"the_donald"	"But...Bill Nye told me gender was on a spectrum!"
"askreddit"	"Who are the most universally disrespected people of all time?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How much, on average, do you fuck around on the internet at work?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest or strangest thing a child has ever tried to convince you is true?"
"askreddit"	"Other than a family member or SO, who is your favorite human?"
"askreddit"	"Which two great quotes combine to form one ridiculous quote?"
"the_donald"	"I was talking to a Native American guy yesterday about the declining white population."
"askreddit"	"How much money have you got in your pockets right now?"
"askreddit"	"Why is an anchor, used to stop or dock near land, the symbol of sailing? Shouldn't it be sales?"
"worldnews"	"My two messed-up countries: an immigrant’s dilemma"
"worldnews"	"US government is sued for files on botched Navy SEAL raid in Yemen that turned into a village-wide massacre, killing 25 people, including 10 children"
"the_donald"	"MFW Paris is seriously trying to get the 2024 Olympics after they cuck they just elected"
"the_donald"	"Senate Hearing on Russia should expose the details of CF actual real ties to Russia. Or will it be just entirely fiction."
"pics"	"How to cut down costs, like a boss. Two rooms, 1 air conditioner."
"funny"	"[OC] Catching up"
"funny"	"History was made."
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicier‏ - Oh good. Former DNI Clapper is here. Let's see what he lies to Congress about today."
"the_donald"	"If you took a black slave out of the 1800's and teleported them to see 2017 Chicago/Detroit/New Orleans and offered them their freedom (but they had to live in one of these cities) or go back to being a slave, which do you think they'd pick?"
"askreddit"	"What did you say to your kid where after you said to yourself, \"Oops, that was probably permanent damage..\"?"
"gaming"	"Arma 3 goes Vietnam Big time"
"pics"	"This is Success Kid."
"askreddit"	"Redditors with a bad memory, how do you manage to stay on top of your work / social life?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, how far have you had to walk and what was the reasoning behind it?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Children who are the result of rape, how did you react when you found out?"
"worldnews"	"Refugee admissions plummet under Donald Trump, USA TODAY analysis finds"
"askreddit"	"How would society be different if humans had a yearly 1-month mating season which is the only possible time humans can have sex?"
"askreddit"	"What talent do you wish you had?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the Skynet equivalent, \"Oh my God what have we done!?\" of your job?"
"the_donald"	"I'm excited that people are on our sub down-voting every post. One day they will come across a red pill that resonates with them and they will join our movement."
"the_donald"	"Reminder: FBI reviewed Flynn’s calls with Russian ambassador but found nothing illicit"
"pics"	"7 days into adoption and confidence is only growing. I thought having her on my shoulder would make me look like a super villain. Didn't work out."
"askreddit"	"Dancers of Reddit, which dance style (bachata, salsa, waltz, etc) would you use for the first dance if you became the US President?"
"askreddit"	"Who became famous because of their wrong doings?"
"the_donald"	"Russian Exposes the Globalists: Ex-KGB Agent Warns America of Socialist Takeover"
"funny"	"Get well soon."
"gaming"	"This is the scariest game I've ever played.. [Outlast 2]"
"gaming"	"Overwatch Fans will Get this Campaign AD"
"the_donald"	"Let me get this straight: Malik's brother was listening to Flynn, and thought just maybe he had shady Russian connection, but didn't cancel his Security Clearance. Are we to assume:"
"the_donald"	"Notice that Le Pen graciously conceded (on the same day no less), no #Resistance was started and her supporters did not riot in the streets after she lost."
"the_donald"	"When the rest of Reddit struggle to understand why The_Donald is only \"Pro Trump\""
"pics"	"Beautiful cities in Canada"
"pics"	"The mothership. Lake Chelan, WA"
"askreddit"	"Anyone use their old smartphones for anything cool? These devices with wifi, camera, GPS, android OS just sit in a drawer unused."
"funny"	"Up Sad Dragon Funny image"
"funny"	"You cut, we pull"
"funny"	"There is a cure for everything."
"the_donald"	"This is why you need to use DuckDuckGo!"
"askreddit"	"If you could ask anyone, dead or alive, any question which had to be answered truthfully, who would it be &amp; what would you ask them?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite dungeons and dragons anecdote? (or other role playing game)"
"funny"	"Treatment Mask to terrorists"
"the_donald"	"Clapper: No collusion between Trump and Russia"
"askreddit"	"You can teleport, but only horizontally, and not more then 7 miles in both directions. How would you use this?"
"askreddit"	"What are the signs of a Reddit rookie?"
"worldnews"	"North Korea claims plot reveals US state-sponsored terrorism"
"the_donald"	"Delingpole: And So It Begins, Trump's Great Climate Purge. Finally the Trump administration is starting to get serious about taking on the Green Blob."
"the_donald"	"Can Hitler be \"based,\" T_D?"
"the_donald"	"NYT: \"Sanctuary Bills in Maryland Faced a Surprise Foe: Legal Immigrants\" - We love our legal immigrants, don't we folks"
"askreddit"	"Postmate deliverers, what is the weirdest thing you had to pick up for a customer?"
"worldnews"	"N. Korea calls for end to confrontation on eve of election in S. Korea"
"the_donald"	"Macron's first act as French President is to redesign the Eiffel Tower"
"askreddit"	"Why is the MTV Movie/TV awards a joke now and no big name stars show up any more?"
"askreddit"	"Religious minorities of Reddit, what are your beliefs and how do they compare to common misconceptions?"
"funny"	"Isnt that obvious daily express?..."
"funny"	"Dumb things my girlfriend says"
"the_donald"	"Reposting for visibility - MUST WATCH: Discussing the origin of Millennials!"
"the_donald"	"Make the Anglosphere Great Again!"
"the_donald"	"Clapper: Trump dossier not credible."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What kind of person just uses you and acts different with other people around, but when no one is around they are nice to you?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best/funny thing you might recommend on/off reddit for someone who has had a very sh*ty week?"
"askreddit"	"To people in small towns, what do you do for fun with your SO?"
"the_donald"	"piss-gate: Clapper \"we didn't make a judgement on that\" .. \"we couldn't corroborate the sourcing\""
"the_donald"	"Can we stop all this \"We are going to save France again\" talk? Why do our people need to go die for them? They got what they wanted overwhelmingly. More American blood does not need to be spilled for their progressivism. We don't need another world war because of Europe again and again."
"pics"	"Big cats don't understand \"planking\"... mistake man for fish-stick... rip"
"askreddit"	"Where will the borders be drawn in the greater Middle East?"
"askreddit"	"Managers and teachers who mandate \"team building\" activities, why do you like to watch us suffer?"
"askreddit"	"Your most embarrassing moment?"
"worldnews"	"We won\"t allow call for morning prayers to be silenced in Jerusalem: Turkey\"s Erdoğan - DIPLOMACY"
"the_donald"	"Wikipedia shitpost 😞"
"the_donald"	"VE DAY"
"gaming"	"Commander captured"
"the_donald"	"And of course you stupid shits don't care about this, right? Macron helps you guys, but you guys and the Dick don't care about this, right? No, you'd rather nitpick the 'bad' things and take them out of context. You people literally lower the average IQ of the planet by a hundred. Ugh."
"askreddit"	"Why do cats get so aggressive after petting them continuously for so long?"
"askreddit"	"What's a topic you think you know everything about until you're tested?"
"the_donald"	"FUCK SALLY YATES!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What are you planning to do with your first month salary?"
"the_donald"	"HOLY SHIT THE RAPIST DID IT! Bill Clinton and James Patterson co-writing a work of fiction. (Contrary to reports from the failing media, this is not Bill's first one.)"
"the_donald"	"Yates on if there is evidence Trump campaign colluded with Russia: \"My answer to that question would require me to reveal classified info\""
"askreddit"	"What are the scariest things you've witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"What film would make a good novel adaptation, and who would write it?"
"gaming"	"Horizon Zero Dawn - Run through a Valley"
"the_donald"	"Can we get a Yates mega thread?"
"askreddit"	"Geologists of Reddit, if you can throw a rock at someone's head, what rock should it be ?"
"the_donald"	"\"Why Did Obama Let Flynn Go To Russia For A Paid Speech?\" Sean Spicer Reminds NBC Reporter That Obama Knew About Everything So Why Did He Just Sit Around And Not Revoke Or Suspend Flynn!! HIGH ENERGY SPICE!!"
"the_donald"	"Clapper just said that there was no collusion between Trump and Russians...again."
"the_donald"	"Julian Assange on Twitter: \"DNI Clapper just misled or perjured himself to Congress saying that there was no release of Republican data. Proof:"
"pics"	"Street artist Banksy tackles Brexit in Dover mural"
"funny"	"Bird karma...."
"the_donald"	"Thanking God I Live In Based USA - Buh Bye France It Was Real"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why is something so far reaching as Net Neutrality not left to popular vote?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what rant do you want to get off your chest?"
"gaming"	"Still remember reading this back in days.. Wondering what class should i take. Best times! Looking the page with map area.. memories."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are two qualities you dislike about yourself and three qualities you like about yourself?"
"gaming"	"Anybody here ever play Mage Gauntlet?"
"pics"	"It's Gorgeous Out"
"askreddit"	"What is a non binary character on tv?"
"funny"	"She's not a morning person [xpost r/Unexpected]"
"the_donald"	"Anyone else think this sub has gone downhill the last few months?"
"askreddit"	"If a genie granted you a wish, but you only had 5 seconds to answer, what would you end up wishing for?"
"askreddit"	"What has been the biggest architectural design flaw in human history?"
"funny"	"MONSTER BLOCK ON HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL PLAYER"
"the_donald"	"INCOMPETENT. James Clapper fails to keep DNC servers secure, blames it on the Russians, says hack of UNSECURED servers \"exceeded wildest expectations\". Make this the top Google result for INCOMPETENT."
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates not answering questions about who unmasked. Clapper just confirmed there will be records to show who requested unmasking."
"the_donald"	"LISTEN: The Fourth Circuit appeals court reviewing Trump's Travel Restrictions"
"the_donald"	"What is Lindsey Graham's angle here? I like him pressing these shills, but Graham is so compromised that he must be pushing some sort of narrative here."
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite \"Hold my beer\" death in a movie, show or game?"
"the_donald"	"Katie Hopkins on Twitter: \"More than a million socialists from the 'Front Social' are here to protest the election of Macron. Silence from media."
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have been in a coma, did you dream about anything during that period? If so, what about?"
"askreddit"	"A farmer had 752 sheep and took one shot that got them all. How did he do it?"
"askreddit"	"What if you were MegaMod of all of Reddit? What would be your one rule across all subreddits?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best / craziest \"is this really happening?\" Work story?"
"gaming"	"Horses in gaming"
"askreddit"	"What's something you did as a kid that makes no sense to you now?"
"funny"	"+5 Holy damage"
"worldnews"	"Theresa May will not debate Jeremy Corbyn ahead of election after BBC says it will not 'embarrass' her"
"askreddit"	"What's something you want to complain about but can't because you do it yourself?"
"askreddit"	"It's become a global rule that all babies must be given unique names. What do you name your first child?"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit, what would you do if your child killed themselves?"
"the_donald"	"Seems Clapper and Yates are at odds."
"the_donald"	"Or you could just stay the fuck out of our sub... especially since you've had \"enough\""
"the_donald"	"Powerful interview of the Band playing when the terror attack at the Bataclan started. At 10:30, sound tech recalls the gunman shooting into the crown yelling Allah Akbar over and over. Few people understand how brutal this was. Bataclan should be a household name like Columbine or Boston Marathon"
"the_donald"	"France Is Fucked - 'MURICA baby!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What foreign accent is the hardest for you to do?"
"askreddit"	"What do you feel guilty about, that maybe you should not?"
"askreddit"	"What are some things you should always have stored in your car?"
"gaming"	"Pokemon HG &amp; SS"
"pics"	"Fikret Alic, famous survivor of the Trnopolje concentration camp was interviewed 25 years ago. He returned to the same place in 2012"
"worldnews"	"Victorious Emmanuel Macron plots phase two of plan to change France"
"the_donald"	"SJW logic: healthcare is oppression from the patriarchy and any SJW's who don't agree are 'islamophobic'"
"the_donald"	"The paid shills are downing us. Buy Pepe"
"askreddit"	"If your ex ran for President of the United States, what do you think their campaign slogan should be?"
"the_donald"	"TIL \"Calhoun experiment\" where mices had perfect environment, lot of food, no predators. After initial boom males becomed homosexual, females stopped giving birth and colony died. Every time."
"gaming"	"Mass Effect"
"the_donald"	"Neiman Marcus Selling Battered, Ripped Shoes for $1,425"
"the_donald"	"While everyone is calling Trump a Nazi, who was it who finally finished his work, led the invasion and conquered all of Europe?"
"the_donald"	"Yates won't hold up over time. Clearly too stupid."
"the_donald"	"Whoa! #SallyYates refusing to say who requested that Gen. Michael Flynn's private conversations be unmasked. She's looking nervous!"
"askreddit"	"What is the best drunk text you've ever sent and what were the consequences?"
"askreddit"	"What foreign accent is the hardest for you to do?"
"askreddit"	"What do you not feel guilty about, but maybe you should?"
"the_donald"	"The paid shills are downvoting us. Buy Pepe"
"the_donald"	"Based on the current trend, what will France look like in 2050?"
"askreddit"	"What do you currently do that you will regret in the future?"
"askreddit"	"What triggers you the second most?"
"the_donald"	"Some peoples kids"
"askreddit"	"Programmers of Reddit, what's the worst programming-related assignment/project/task you've ever had to do?"
"worldnews"	"Child dies as bouncy castle breaks loose in Spain"
"programming"	"List of free on-line courses from top universities"
"askreddit"	"What show/movie would you want a post apocalyptic society to obsessively base themselves off of?"
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest event you have seen or been a part of?"
"the_donald"	"\"MUH RUSSIANS!!\" -Sally Yates"
"the_donald"	"ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY \"KILL\" PEPE..."
"the_donald"	"Grandstander! GTFO"
"askreddit"	"How does an individual prepare for the inevitable repercussions of Y2K?"
"askreddit"	"What outdated meme is still funny to you?"
"funny"	"I tried to tell my sister a joke. She showed me up"
"the_donald"	"Texas Implements Major ‘Sanctuary’ Crackdown Abbott signs law prohibiting local officials from undermining enforcement measures"
"gaming"	"What do you guys looks for in a Minecraft series? With all of the competition out there, what sets them apart?"
"worldnews"	"South Korea Is More Worried About Donald Trump Than Kim Jong Un"
"the_donald"	"\"PLEASE PAY FOR MY HEALTHCARE\""
"funny"	"Guys pls look :&gt;"
"askreddit"	"What are some lesser known, yet great youtube channels?"
"funny"	"Have you ever had ethiopian food?"
"askreddit"	"What's your biggest achievement?"
"worldnews"	"Israeli video appears to show Palestinian hunger striker eating in prison"
"askreddit"	"You get one wish. Warning - there's a 50% chance it'll do the complete opposite. What do you wish for?"
"askreddit"	"Why is an anchor, used to stop or dock near land, the symbol of sailing?"
"funny"	"Same."
"the_donald"	"Reminder: US presidents have banned specific groups of people 6 other times in US histry. (Obama lifted ban on people w/ AIDS btw)"
"funny"	"It took me too long to realize the guy behind Yates was NOT wearing nylons."
"askreddit"	"Redditors that pay for porn even though there are thousands of free places to go, why do you do it?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] When was the last time you had an orgasm?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) What world event/controversy just doesn't add up to you?"
"the_donald"	"Just made a filing with the FCC"
"the_donald"	"Can we all agree that Trump is a lying con-artist that duped all of us?"
"the_donald"	"God Bless Texas"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates so far has declined to answer all questions about whether they spied on the Trump campaign"
"the_donald"	"Who's to blame?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite animal and why?"
"askreddit"	"What hurts more: Physical or Emotional pain?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, who's the first person you fell in love with? What happened and do you still keep in touch?"
"askreddit"	"You can teleport, but only vertically and not more for 7 miles in either direction. How would you use this?"
"programming"	"Three Rules for Domain-Driven Design | SkillsCast"
"pics"	"Was making a quick trip to cvs. Wife said , Can you get me clear nail polish. *\"Don't worry, you'll see it.\"*"
"askreddit"	"How long did you date your partner before it became official?"
"the_donald"	"Do you like to rape and commit crime but don't want to get in trouble because you'll be stoned in your country? Come to France where your dreams can come true!🇫🇷"
"funny"	"This is why I hate people."
"the_donald"	"Venezuela reminds us socialism leads to dictatorship"
"askreddit"	"If you had to eat one thing that isn't edible, what would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to eat one thing that isn't edible, what would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that other people find funny that you just can't seem to figure out why?"
"askreddit"	"Why can't the vast majority of men be educated?"
"funny"	"(xpost from r/unfortunatetiming) WHen the background TV audio matches the action on your home surveillance camera"
"programming"	"Conflict Resolution for Eventual Consistency (talk by Martin Kleppmann, video and transcript)"
"the_donald"	"It is becoming clear that the IC is the greatest threat to our democracy"
"the_donald"	"A quick refresher on what happened on January 20, 2017..."
"askreddit"	"Creative writers of Reddit, I ask this having zero experience in the matter: How do you motivate yourselves into finally manifesting loose ideas into a tangible project, and how do you keep the flow of ideas going?"
"gaming"	"If Titanfall had Persona 5 Music."
"the_donald"	"ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY \"KILL\" PEPE.."
"the_donald"	"Ice age to freeze Britain thanks to climate change on 'this date'"
"askreddit"	"So,what if you get kidnapped, and nobody wants to pay the ransom?"
"askreddit"	"What are some unique, obscure holidays in your country?"
"askreddit"	"What's the fastest you ever got fired from a job?"
"funny"	"Did you just assume my tradition?"
"the_donald"	"Message to ShareBlue: I know you get paid to downvote us but I hope you accidentally stumble upon a spicy redpill."
"the_donald"	"Reminder to /r/all - Russia may or may not have hacked the DNC emails - but what they leaked was real information and that is what matters. The hackers didn't \"hack the election\", they informed the public."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] A USA coffee experiment: Where do you go to the best coffee in your state?"
"askreddit"	"what is the deepest secret and how you deal with it?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back and say/do that \"thing\" to someone that had pissed you off that you thought of way after the event, what would it be?"
"worldnews"	"Alaska Tundra Source of Early-Winter Carbon Emissions"
"funny"	"Look, your mom is today's Featured Article on Wikipedia"
"the_donald"	"There's a silver lining to Macron winning..."
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Today, as we celebrate the 72nd anniversary of Victory in Europe Day, it is an honor &amp; a privilege to be w/ so many… https://t.co/emdILqH9HO"
"funny"	"GOOGLE RACIST AS HELL"
"the_donald"	"The french cucks perfectly explained"
"askreddit"	"Fellow Small town residents, what are some of the current events in your town?"
"funny"	"The difference between Macron and Macarons"
"worldnews"	"Turkey\"s Kale Group, Rolls-Royce to set up joint venture to develop aircraft engines - BUSINESS"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicier‏ -Shorter Sally Yates: \"Everything's classified so you'll just have to take our words for it\""
"the_donald"	"FREE SALT ON ETS"
"pics"	"Saw this at my work the other day while using the bathroom."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the most risky time you and another had a sexual experience, and how is your relationship with that person?"
"the_donald"	"\"Call Malta....IDGAF LOL\""
"askreddit"	"Nannies/Au Pairs of Reddit. What are your weirdest/scariest stories?"
"askreddit"	"What is so wrong?"
"askreddit"	"People with dwarfism, how do you prefer people refer to your height?"
"askreddit"	"In your profession, what's a dead giveaway someone doesn't know what they're talking about?"
"the_donald"	"Under Barack Obama, the U.S. government quietly spent millions of taxpayer dollars to destabilize the democratically elected, center-right government in Macedonia by colluding with leftwing billionaire philanthropist George Soros."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Haunted house employees, whats the wildest thing you've seen?"
"worldnews"	"Turkish military seizes major PKK arms stash in southeast - LOCAL"
"the_donald"	"No More Colbert!"
"pics"	"Fishing in Ashurst Lake, Arizona."
"askreddit"	"What's a fake \"fact\" that people consider to be true?"
"worldnews"	"Erdoğan calls Macron to congratulate him over election victory"
"the_donald"	"'MURICA: \"Hey France, do you even lift bro?\""
"the_donald"	"\"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.\" -Harry S. Truman"
"gaming"	"I found a sheep in BDO, warning loud (Slightly NSFW)"
"askreddit"	"How do you escape a completely sealed concrete room (No doors or windows)?"
"askreddit"	"What group of people is a blight on society?"
"the_donald"	"\"Pay for my healthcare damnit!\""
"askreddit"	"Introverts of Reddit: How do you approach dating?"
"askreddit"	"Programmers of Reddit, what's the worst project/assignment/task you've ever had to do?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Slow people... Why Are you so slow?"
"askreddit"	"What is the scariest moment you've witnessed from a safe point of view?"
"askreddit"	"Why does the alt-right take such issue with the European Union?"
"the_donald"	"Post things that trigger cucks. They're brigading again because they have no lives!"
"the_donald"	"Who is the most hated man on The_Donald at this point? I'd guess this piece of shit or Paul Ryan right now."
"askreddit"	"How do you stay productive if you're sleepy / tired all the time?"
"askreddit"	"Pet owners of Reddit, what is the weirdest quirk your pet has?"
"askreddit"	"The first word of each comment will be the text of my resignation letter to my job, what will it say?"
"askreddit"	"What historical fact blows your mind?"
"worldnews"	"Facebook employs ex-political aides to help campaigns target voters: Roles for former Conservative and Labour figures prompt fears firm ‘whispering in ears’ of parties to aid micro-targeting of users"
"worldnews"	"Stephen Fry will not be prosecuted for blasphemy."
"the_donald"	"A slimy ALCU lawyer is now speaking on the 4th Circuit review of Trump's immigration halt. They're treating him much nicer than Trump's representative."
"the_donald"	"Based Scott Adams (dilbert) discusses Tipping Point and Where's My Immigration Prediction Model?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you could innocently do on someones unblocked computer?"
"funny"	"The Papadum Song"
"funny"	"I feel like she's trying to tell me something..."
"gaming"	"How old are you fellow gamers ?"
"askreddit"	"How do you cut off an old \"loser\" friend who tires and embarrasses you but clings onto you?"
"askreddit"	"What Reddit inside joke don't you get?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what DIY surgery have you performed on yourself or a friend?"
"the_donald"	"Surely the shills won't down vote this handsome pups."
"the_donald"	"White people have no cultu-"
"the_donald"	"You look gorgeous today"
"askreddit"	"Bakers of Reddit, what is the most ridiculous thing a customer has asked you to do for a really low price?"
"askreddit"	"You go to sleep as usual, but wake up in 1980. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"How are college \"safe spaces\" beneficial and not creating dependent adults?"
"askreddit"	"What's the saddest song you've ever heard?"
"funny"	"Please sir, can we go on a walk!?"
"gaming"	"The Drowning Dance [pubg]"
"the_donald"	"Rape Legalization Gains Ground Amid Migrant Influx in Europe. Western Europe on path to legalize rape committed by migrants"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the most risky time you and another person had a sexual encounter, and how is your relationship now?"
"funny"	"Rise of the Bourgeoisie"
"gaming"	"Probably the smallest and funniest gun"
"pics"	"Sandwiches for sale, London 1972."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How do you maintain a positive attitude towards loneliness , anxiety and not having friends?"
"gaming"	"That Nintendo PlayStation prototype has been restored to working condition"
"askreddit"	"Who is that one person you wish you pursued? Where are they now?"
"askreddit"	"Dating sucks. What's the difference between playing hard to get and avoiding someone?"
"funny"	"Students left a pineapple at art exhibit and everyone thought it was modern art"
"the_donald"	"These Anti-Trump Subs are making it too easy."
"askreddit"	"What is the most interesting thing you've learned while using reddit?"
"the_donald"	"Richard Holloway Gives A Personal Interview To Douglas Murray"
"the_donald"	"\"In the name of progress, we will segregate\". Harvard to hold Blacks only graduation ceremony...."
"the_donald"	"SALLY YATES TESTIMONY"
"the_donald"	"Hey shills..."
"askreddit"	"What was the best/worst promoted post you've ever come across?"
"funny"	"He's got my business"
"the_donald"	"ELI5: \"Flynn's conduct\" that caused all the REEEEEE!"
"askreddit"	"What is your philosophy on life?"
"gaming"	"My preferred way of owning noobs"
"pics"	"Sleeping Ducklings"
"askreddit"	"Why are women godesses?"
"askreddit"	"What makes Beats headphones so bad?"
"the_donald"	"Echo chamber unexpected error occurred - Bing bing bong bong"
"askreddit"	"Dogs of Reddit. What is the weirdest thing your human does?"
"gaming"	"The frames the beautiful frames (star citizen)"
"the_donald"	"Atta boy Muhammad!"
"the_donald"	"What's Hillary been doing in her free time lately?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that you think that you're the only one who does it?"
"the_donald"	"Church of Climatology Devotional: Hierarchy"
"askreddit"	"If you had to purchase a VR system, which would you buy, and why?"
"the_donald"	"Islam... the \"peaceful\" cockwashers."
"the_donald"	"Good god Kek these Senators are weak stupid skin bags."
"the_donald"	"To save a French patriot"
"askreddit"	"R/EternityClub members, how did you get there?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what is a time that a teacher was really unfair to you?"
"funny"	"Amber plus Lance, forever?"
"funny"	"Hmmm"
"askreddit"	"Which mobile app/s do you think everyone must install?"
"the_donald"	"✌ REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ✌"
"the_donald"	"Major reveal in the Sally Yates testimony with THIS evidence (encrypted)..."
"the_donald"	"\"You will love pork\""
"pics"	"Exploring hidden waterfalls in Pennsylvania"
"pics"	"First confirmed delivery of Trumpcare"
"worldnews"	"Emmanuel Macron: Tough task ahead after victory in France"
"worldnews"	"Forest rangers tortured and killed by illegal settlers in Liberia rainforest: Two forest patrollers have been killed and four hospitalised in what is believed to be retaliatory action from illegal settlers in Sapo National Park"
"the_donald"	"Yeah boiiiiii!!!"
"the_donald"	"Assange just tweeted this video; \"Here's James Clapper's previous testimony to Congress about WikiLeaks when he was still DNI\""
"askreddit"	"People who have gotten their dick pierced...why?"
"the_donald"	"This tweet did not age well At All."
"the_donald"	"He, has also risen! Praise kek"
"the_donald"	"You can't​ kill the will of KEK"
"pics"	"So, I guess an update just turned on randomly chosen notifications, \"cool\"."
"gaming"	"DRIVECLUB - Bikes 2"
"the_donald"	"RIP France"
"the_donald"	"Clapper confirmed that he requested unmasking.. haha. Yates said she didn't."
"the_donald"	"In the name of ISLAM...!"
"the_donald"	"Reason #99382993 why the Democratic Party is dying: Liberal Hollywood actor's daughter actually blaming Donald Trump for her drunk driving arrest (see 0:29)"
"the_donald"	"We need a sally Yates sticky. This shit is hilariously sad."
"the_donald"	"tfw libtards get told they can't be a leach off the taxpayers and will have to pay for their own healthcare and get a job"
"askreddit"	"What are some things that irritate you to no end in modern culture?"
"the_donald"	"Oh no Poland, please don't cuck..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What would you do after being conned,lied to,and then threatened by a girl?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what was your make-a-wish?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite comedy movie of all time?"
"askreddit"	"Which type of people you hate the most?"
"gaming"	"Hitler plays Heroes &amp; Generals | FUNNY &amp; EPIC MOMENTS COMPILATION"
"the_donald"	"I NEED MEMES"
"the_donald"	"When Snowflakes meet actual white supremacists"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] A USA coffee experiment: Where do you go to the best coffee beans in your state?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best songs about weed?"
"gaming"	"Team Rocket is blasting off agaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin"
"the_donald"	"Any suggestions for alternate titles to Bill Clinton's new book, the President Is ______?"
"the_donald"	"Has France Just Crossed The Rubicon?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Guys of Reddit, How or What's the best way to deal with your frenemies?"
"askreddit"	"What's the longest you went without social interaction and why?"
"askreddit"	"In Disney's Aladdin, How did Jafar get a tropical bird (a macaw) as a sidekick while living in the desert?"
"gaming"	"Let's Play: NBA 2K15 - My Career"
"worldnews"	"Slow-freezing Alaska soil driving surge in carbon dioxide emissions"
"the_donald"	"I was praying to KEK and received this odd encrypted text message from a hidden number. Can someone help me decipher this?"
"the_donald"	"America vs France in one picture."
"the_donald"	"American University Gives Non-White Students Exam Extensions"
"askreddit"	"What are the worst fanfics on the internet?"
"askreddit"	"Your last purchase is the only thing left in a zombie apocalypse, how does that thing help you?"
"the_donald"	"Hahaha. Oh shit. Clapper just revealed that he unmasked President Trump and his associates at least once and both Yates and Clapper admitted to discussing these unmaskings with other people."
"the_donald"	"Clapper just admitted under oath he requested the unmasking of names"
"askreddit"	"If you go to the bathroom and need to get a drink at the same time, do you get a drink or use the bathroom first?"
"the_donald"	"Seems worth that price to save the western civilization. Agreed?"
"pics"	"Girlfriend/dive buddy made this for me."
"askreddit"	"What are some bad things reddit has done or enabled?"
"askreddit"	"What's a misunderstanding about your religion?"
"askreddit"	"What do you regret not telling someone ?"
"gaming"	"When you've been playing Prey and don't trust anything at work."
"pics"	"New prince of Andorra"
"pics"	"The grocery store is now carrying Unicorn Sausages"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back and say/do something to someone that had pissed you off that you thought of way after the event, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"Before you died you were a very wealthy person, how do you write your will to fuck with your family and friends?"
"the_donald"	"Future Trump Tweet: \"We stand with Poland and denounce Macron's EU sanctions. #RespectTheBorder\""
"pics"	"When you try your best, but you don't succeed."
"programming"	"Sandman: A Lightweight Script For Late Night Developers"
"the_donald"	"President Trump reminding liberals how many genders there are"
"askreddit"	"What secret if you told it would ruin your life?"
"askreddit"	"What are some fun gag posters/artwork?"
"the_donald"	"You are going to love this, what you are seeing now is my base form."
"askreddit"	"UK and AU Redditors, how do you feel about non UK and AU people saying and calling you mate?"
"the_donald"	"Tommy Robinson: Why we started Troll Watch!!"
"askreddit"	"What are some things Tom Petty won't do?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most racist encounter in a country you visited as a tourist?"
"askreddit"	"Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that makes you proud of your home country?"
"the_donald"	"The CIA has a hard job. It's an important job. A large part of their job is to be professional liars. Soooo, we should not even question them because doing so is asking them to betray their people and we all know they'll not hesitate to kill a former director that tells the truth. What do we do??"
"the_donald"	"kek loves his children. He smiles upon you all."
"the_donald"	"\"U.S. life expectancy varies by more than 20 years from county to county\" It's not fair too many white supremacists live longer than the poor poor slave descendants (There're many slaves who lived beyond 100 years.) Something must be done. Put the white supremacists to death at 80?"
"askreddit"	"What is unique about your family?"
"the_donald"	"'Pedes, I need help stumping a cuck. Need a list of all the ways America suffered under Obama &amp; how it would have suffered under Hillary."
"askreddit"	"What's the last hobby, habit or substance that you quit cold-turkey?"
"askreddit"	"How do you get your gloryhole cleaned up with just wiping without water?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most challenging thing you've done today?"
"askreddit"	"If you grew up speaking spanish and english, how do your thoughts sound or are they in spanglish?"
"askreddit"	"Who on AskReddit doesn't mind repeat questions? Those who do, why?"
"askreddit"	"Is it possible to be raised by a very tolerant and open-minded family but grow up to be a racist and bigot? If so, why and how?"
"the_donald"	"What a joke! Does anyone really believe Flynn would or could have been blackmailed for telling Pence he didn't mention sanctions to Ambassador Kislyak? #Yatesbullshit"
"pics"	"Unorthodox adhesive"
"askreddit"	"What meme never got old to you?"
"gaming"	"All gamers: What is the actual point of having inverted controllers and who actually uses it?"
"the_donald"	"Feinstein is looking fresh. Somebody has a couple pints of baby blood for breakfast."
"the_donald"	"ultra-mega-uber-rare! little known fact: pepe IS one of the presidents of the united states of america"
"pics"	"Went to Flagstaff, AZ this past weekend and rode a scenic ski lift. Not the type of scenery you picture when you think of Arizona. This was one of my favorites I took with my iPhone."
"askreddit"	"Women of Reddit, do you get offended when men stare at your butt in public?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is a nice way of telling someone to get their shit together?"
"the_donald"	"I'm having impure thoughts about Sally Yates"
"the_donald"	"ugh, liberal twits are getting lame with their hashtags...#NoMuslimBanEver"
"askreddit"	"Fans of rap &amp; hip-hop, what are some artists/albums you would recommend to a fan of metal?"
"askreddit"	"People who work in offices across the street from hotels: what's the weirdest thing you've ever seen going on in someone's room?"
"askreddit"	"All the ants that you have killed before comes back as a whole, how screwed are you?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst text or IM you have ever sent/received to/from the wrong person?"
"the_donald"	"Marine Le Pen Speaking At Her 2nd Round DEFEAT Rally"
"pics"	"Today's Beautiful Hadith is about Donations"
"askreddit"	"In movies and TV shows that have scenes with characters swimming underwater, do you hold your breath too?"
"askreddit"	"Why do we have ankles?"
"askreddit"	"What are some really crazy or interesting cases of stolen art?"
"gaming"	"Has anyone made a horror game (similar to Outlast) that uses the player's mic to alert the enemy/monster if the player screams? If not, they should."
"the_donald"	"Here we go again... terror in France. Surprise surprise surprise"
"askreddit"	"What Are Some of Life's Mini-Games?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump to name 10 candidates for federal judiciary today"
"askreddit"	"What goes up and down, but still remains in the same place?"
"askreddit"	"What has been the best corporate Darwin Award( A decision made by a company that basically killed the business.) ?"
"the_donald"	"Vice President Pence Hosts Honor Flight Veterans"
"the_donald"	"Pedes, at one point there was a post with a compilation of all CNN fake news articles. Anyone got that link?"
"askreddit"	"How did you improve your willpower?"
"askreddit"	"What room in a video game can fuck right off?"
"pics"	"Screenshot of video shot in slo-mo mode"
"askreddit"	"Wedding guest of Reddit. Have you ever attended a wedding where the bride or groom ran? And how did the rest of the day go?"
"askreddit"	"Girls of reddit, what was/is your experience as a shot girl?"
"funny"	"\"Carol, i just dont don't understand why we hav...\" \"Shut up and do it Becky!\""
"funny"	"When Tumblr leaks into the real world..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] where is your best friend from 10 years ago now ?"
"funny"	"Fifty pinks of Kim"
"the_donald"	"Russians is trending."
"the_donald"	"Anyone got that img of PEPEtrump offering a hand up to defeated, bitter Sanders?"
"the_donald"	"Travel ban hearing - Judges currently delivering a beat down to the lawyers"
"the_donald"	"Hah! Sean Spicer Mocks Democrats: Maybe Sally Yates Will Tell Us How Russia Kept Hillary from Wisconsin?"
"funny"	"Guns N' Roses has really toned it down"
"the_donald"	"Macron snubs French national anthem &amp; walks out to EU song"
"askreddit"	"What song almost always makes you tear up?"
"the_donald"	"LIVE: Sally Yates Testifies on Russian interference In 2016 Elections 5/8/17"
"the_donald"	"Ah. Macron Taking His Angers out on Successful Countries"
"askreddit"	"If you could take out one problems from your life, what would it be ?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your favourite that guy/or girl?"
"funny"	"Wait, what was that first recommendation again?"
"funny"	"Houston, we have a good boy."
"worldnews"	"Macron snubs French national anthem &amp; walks out to EU song after win"
"the_donald"	"Legend."
"pics"	"James Clapper"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite book and movie genres?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What is a common thing that many people have experienced but you have not or have yet to?"
"askreddit"	"People of Turkey and the rest of the known world what are your thoughts on Erdogan?"
"askreddit"	"What is the cause of your unhappiness today?"
"funny"	"A Little Personal"
"askreddit"	"What did you want to be when you grew up and what are you now?"
"askreddit"	"How do you peacefully talk and listen to a prejudiced bigot?"
"gaming"	"Does any of you guys know what this game is called?"
"the_donald"	"Buckle up France. This is a part of your everyday lives now. \"Gunman shoots one in Paris police raid ongoing\" automatic gunfire heard."
"askreddit"	"What would you change about Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why do lawmakers perpetuate the fallacy that marijuana is not beneficial ? Are they ignorant or bribed into this position?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you want to do but don't because if societal norms?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most physical pain you have been in?"
"the_donald"	"The Guy Who Lied About Obamacare Allowing You To Keep Your Doctor Now Blames Trump For Obamcare’s Failures"
"pics"	"No mixed tap? No problem."
"askreddit"	"What's a critically acclaimed movie/book/TV show/videogame that you just don't like?"
"askreddit"	"Do you avoid pooping in public restrooms? Why? Why not?"
"askreddit"	"In your opinion, what is the most physically and/or mentally demanding job out there?"
"the_donald"	"MILO RETURNS"
"the_donald"	"Liberals hate everything I'm supposed to represent and I love them for it."
"worldnews"	"UK's even harsher \"Direct Spying Powers\" plan leaked online, Include the provision to \"Open and Seal Mail\", and create backdoors into End to End encrypted services."
"the_donald"	"A visual description of the Sally Yates hearing."
"the_donald"	"Peaceful Imam Preaching Peace and Love"
"the_donald"	"AN WE GET A BUMP OF HIGH ENERGY FOR BASED FILMMAKERS?? v. rabbits."
"pics"	"Brooklyn New York."
"askreddit"	"(NSFW) What is the Nastiest/Dirty thought that your subconscious made you imagine and later made you cringe ?"
"askreddit"	"How has reddit changed you?"
"the_donald"	"“Gender-Neutral” MTV Movie Awards 2017 - The Most Insane Liberal Propaganda Yet"
"askreddit"	"What time is it?"
"askreddit"	"2nd Amendment applies to all animal parts now. You don't just have the right to bear arms, but shark jaw, bird wings etc.. What animal part do you pick?"
"funny"	"Never change Ireland."
"the_donald"	"A GRENCH : is a French person or French president controlled by Merkel. Grench's anthem is the EU anthem."
"askreddit"	"How were you able to afford going to a 4 year university?"
"askreddit"	"What is a \"mind trick\" you know of?"
"askreddit"	"Why shouldn't you put your dreams on hold for someone else?"
"the_donald"	"Conservatism is the New Counter Culture and WE ARE WINNING"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates warned White House Michael Flynn could be blackmailed by Russia weeks before he was fired"
"the_donald"	"Russians is trending."
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: Along with @POTUS, thanked PM @KvirikashviliGi for 872 Georgians fighting w/ NATO in Afghanistan. https://t.co/ucaDoNnyVa"
"the_donald"	"I am slowly starting to believe that the USA truly is One Nation under God, a beacon of freedom. [Warning: long post full of pro-America-love]"
"askreddit"	"Which movie romance is completely fucked up, but not presented as such?"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Is North Korea's army as strong or \"invincible\" as they make it seem? What are some clues that support either how strong they actually are or some that support it's all talk?"
"the_donald"	"This is totally out of character for France."
"the_donald"	"It occurs to me that Clapper clearly does not give a fuck. He's obviously thinking of something else. Maybe fishing, maybe ..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] When has a basic lack of communication--as often seen in fiction--caused a major problem for you or someone you know?"
"gaming"	"Me trying to figure out why people are hyped for Battlefront 2 after how bad Battlefront 1 was."
"askreddit"	"Feminists of Reddit: Why are you a feminist?"
"the_donald"	"FaceBook Deletes Tens of Thousands of Accounts Ahead of UK General Election"
"the_donald"	"4th Circuit Oral Argument -- International Refugee Assistance Project v. Trump (C-SPAN) #LIVE"
"the_donald"	"\"When his [Macron's] parents found out, the account continues, they asked her [Brigitte] to stay away from him until he was 18. \"I can't promise anything,\" she said.\" The President of France's wife on molesting him when he was underage."
"the_donald"	"How many of you all are from France?"
"askreddit"	"What is actually the greatest thing since sliced bread?"
"the_donald"	"Little does he know, Pepe will only come back stronger than ever."
"askreddit"	"What time is it now?"
"the_donald"	"Daily Reminder"
"askreddit"	"What 'Final Frontiers' do we still have in this life?"
"gaming"	"pokecupcakes."
"the_donald"	"I miss watching CNN"
"askreddit"	"What are some lines that are commonly used in movies, tv series', etc.?"
"the_donald"	"What made me change my mind about Trump"
"the_donald"	"Foxnews: Sanctuary city bans could spread to other states after Texas law signed, MAKING AMERICA SAFE AGAIN"
"the_donald"	"Obama, instead of resisting the Gop. Maybe you should be resisting your legacy. It is piling up!"
"askreddit"	"Baby Boomers of Reddit, how do you react to the claims that your generation destroyed the economy, hurt the younger generations, etc? Do you find such assertions fair or justified?"
"gaming"	"Fallout 4 help"
"the_donald"	"Anyone listening to the ACLU lawyer being destroyed right now by the fourth circuit judges?! Unbelievable! The Judges are based AF!"
"pics"	"Bro you're good it's a small pothole...oh"
"askreddit"	"What sequel can you watch without seeing the previous film(s)?"
"askreddit"	"What are some things that most people overpay for, and what are the cheaper alternatives?"
"the_donald"	"If Merkel and Macron believe that immigration is so great, why are they desperate for Poland and Hungary to take migrants? Wouldn't they want as many as they can get?"
"askreddit"	"What was the r/DIY project that inspired your DIY project and how did it turn out?"
"askreddit"	"Athiests of Reddit, how do you explain successful exorcisms?"
"askreddit"	"Teachers and peers of famous people in high school, what were they like?"
"askreddit"	"Why did you choose that profession?"
"askreddit"	"What did you think when you first tried Spiced Ham (spam)?"
"askreddit"	"What opportunity have you missed because of your shyness?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most physical pain you've ever experienced?"
"funny"	"Girl gets finger bitten by squirrel"
"funny"	"Great bookstore find!"
"gaming"	"Super Mario Galaxy turns ten years old this year… I feel so old."
"the_donald"	"LOOK, OVER THERE"
"askreddit"	"What is the best advice or tips you've heard for quitting smoking (cigarettes)?"
"askreddit"	"Non-Americans of reddit, what is the weirdest thing to you about American culture?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Baby Boomers of Reddit, how do you react to the claims that your generation destroyed the economy, hurt the younger generations, etc? Do you find such assertions fair or justified?"
"askreddit"	"If you were able to pick your own entrance theme or leitmotif for day-to-day life, what would you select? Why?"
"askreddit"	"You and your Irish brethren are charging into battle, what is your Irish War Cry?"
"gaming"	"Help with audio issues"
"the_donald"	"CONGRATS TO EMMANUEL MACRON FOR BECOMING THE NEWEST PRESIDENT OF VICHY FRANCE"
"the_donald"	"TWO DAYS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE! PEPE IS RISEN!"
"gaming"	"does anybody know a place where i can take a gameboy sp and get the screen replaced?"
"askreddit"	"Athiests of Reddit, how do you explain it when a priest exercises a demon?"
"gaming"	"Official Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 + 2.5 ReMIX Timeline"
"askreddit"	"What is the difference between someone who is just immature and someone who is verbally or emotionally abusive in a relationship?"
"askreddit"	"How dangerous are Muslims to homosexuals?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is alive and well, despite what fake news might say!"
"worldnews"	"Ched Evans âdelightedâ to seal Sheffield United return from Chesterfield | Football"
"the_donald"	"A better question would be, is it time to scrap the mainstream media?"
"askreddit"	"You wake up as the last man on earth, the only other survivors are your ex-girlfriends. How fucked is the future of our species?"
"askreddit"	"YouTubers of Reddit, what is your best video?"
"askreddit"	"What is your family's ghost story?"
"the_donald"	"Hey Cucks, Don't Spend Too Much Time Here, the Facts Will Penetrate Your Weak Liberal Logic"
"pics"	"Sligo, Ireland"
"askreddit"	"What \"Do not​ do this\" kind of signs exsist because of stupid people?"
"gaming"	"What's your favorite quote from a video game?"
"the_donald"	"Anyone else notice that the majority of Democratic women are crazy unattractive?"
"gaming"	"\"Your controller batteries are low.\""
"the_donald"	"Globalists want the whole world to burn, to rebuild it as they choose. They are trying to destroy America from the inside."
"the_donald"	"And as the resistance to the Islamic takeover of the world has been moving forward in the USA and Great Britain, wouldn't it be the French to sound the retreat and move back to appeasement. Nice work (not)."
"the_donald"	"John III Sobieski, a Polish general who became king, stopped the last great Ottoman push into Central Europe, and saved his country numerous times"
"askreddit"	"What are some good Japanese dramas?"
"worldnews"	"Watch Live: Sally Yates Testifies Before Congress"
"the_donald"	"\"Hi we're French and we voted Macron.\""
"askreddit"	"Users of Reddit, what is the story behind your nickname on this site?"
"funny"	"Was looking at Successful company's when.."
"gaming"	"Doomfist gameplay leaked?"
"worldnews"	"Obama warned Trump against hiring Michael Flynn"
"the_donald"	"Let the gays protect their pot fields with guns. (Xpost from r/Murcia)"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest phobia?"
"askreddit"	"If you won the lottery, what would you do?"
"askreddit"	"Why couldn't a State like California just pass a law and implement their own universal health coverage for the residents of their State?"
"the_donald"	"Breitbart: Warren Buffett Says Free Trade Has Turned American Workers Into Roadkill"
"the_donald"	"Clapper refuses to explain approval process of unmasking"
"pics"	"Mike Shaw's awesome nature photo"
"the_donald"	"The Conspiracy Continues=&gt; Democrat Hack Sally Yates Says She Was Concerned General Flynn Could be Blackmailed by Russia"
"the_donald"	"Clapper admits to unmasking"
"funny"	"Estonian brewery has secret ingredient?"
"the_donald"	"Immortal Pepe's Battle Flag"
"the_donald"	"Trump in bed with globalists? Nope! \"Trump screamed at national security adivser McMaster\" for trying to undermine him"
"the_donald"	"Lol"
"the_donald"	"Dear pedes: Moving back home to SF Bay Area at the end of the month for work. I need you suggestions to blend in as my interim support system is all made up of SJWs. Can you recommend vitue signaling T-shirt from cafe press to help me blend in?"
"the_donald"	"Concealed Carry: If you show me yours, I'll show you mine!"
"askreddit"	"People who knew or had met a celebrity before they were famous, what were they like?"
"gaming"	"Nier Automata"
"gaming"	"Can you guys give me feedback on my work?"
"the_donald"	"The MSM is criticizing Trump for not vetting Flynn when the US GOVERNMENT investigated him and gave him a FUCKING SECURITY CLEARANCE! Jesus, they expect Trump to have more resources than the US govt. They're retarded."
"the_donald"	"Do you think Clapper has nudes of Yates? Is she masked or unmasked?"
"the_donald"	"WHAT KIND OF CUCK WORLD IS THIS. Pepe is not dead."
"askreddit"	"What's something that's really difficult to Buy but really easy to sell ?"
"askreddit"	"What do you feel about the great Facebook?"
"askreddit"	"What words would you use in your phonetic alphabet? (NSFW)"
"funny"	"Local vet sign in honor of Cinco de Mayo"
"the_donald"	"Why is Clapper wearing an ear piece?"
"the_donald"	"Driving on 8-lane freeway in Cuckifornia"
"the_donald"	"RARE PEPE, Pepe's Uncle moments before he was assassinated by Dick Cheney in a \"hunting accident\""
"the_donald"	"Hey I found it I want it to other people but the loudest about the Healthcare bill I middle class college students who don't go to the doctor anyway"
"the_donald"	"Faith Goldy: Trudeau Calls Illegals \"Positive &amp; Exciting\""
"askreddit"	"What made you laugh the hardest?"
"funny"	"WOT 🅱️OI"
"askreddit"	"what's the biggest problem facing Americas youth today?"
"askreddit"	"Older redditors, what did you take for granted when you were younger?"
"worldnews"	"Turkish man holds rose in his mouth for 59 years to avoid smoking"
"worldnews"	"USA Today asks FBI to fight Facebook bots"
"the_donald"	"Mr. President, Tear up this treaty"
"the_donald"	"Hey guys, remember that time a show aimed for 12 year olds told them that their sex junk is oh-oh-oh-on a spectrum?"
"pics"	"Fluffy Scottish highland calf"
"the_donald"	"What are the next big issues Democrats/Libs/Feminists/SJWs are likely to champion?"
"gaming"	"You have 4 seconds to guess which one is the mimic. 3, 2..."
"the_donald"	"Praise KEK: McMasters on his way out."
"askreddit"	"What song always makes you cry no matter what and why?"
"askreddit"	"If you could recommend any tv show/movie that someone has to watch in their lifetime, what would it be and why?"
"the_donald"	"The END GAME: WHY the WEST is LOST"
"the_donald"	"Hey I find it ironic that people but the loudest about the Healthcare bill I middle class college students who don't go to the doctor anyway"
"askreddit"	"Why isn't hazing taken seriously?"
"askreddit"	"When do you have to sign for a delivery from FedEx?"
"gaming"	"Storytelling excellence in Red Faction"
"askreddit"	"Millennials of Reddit, what have you done with all your participation trophies?"
"the_donald"	"I think we all know the answer to this question"
"the_donald"	"Pepe Will Fight With Us"
"askreddit"	"What album are you listening to right now?"
"funny"	"Buzzfeed actually has 'standards'"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who love exploring ,what's the creepiest/strangest thing you've seen at the woods?"
"askreddit"	"Whats one of the easiest ways to make money online?"
"askreddit"	"What's the farthest (distance-wise) you've ever been from ANY human being?"
"gaming"	"Invincible Mario."
"pics"	"Filthy Kappa Bastards"
"askreddit"	"What's your definition of an \"asshole retard\"?"
"the_donald"	"Just a freedom lover and her cat"
"the_donald"	"Driving in Cuckfornia's 8 lane freeways"
"the_donald"	"LOCK HIM UP !"
"askreddit"	"What wheel pleasures in life have you become accustomed to?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, who's your real MvP, and why?"
"the_donald"	"Ok guys. Which one of you stole my email on Disqus? Trying to shitpost here"
"the_donald"	"The Central American gang known as MS-13, which has been linked to a string of bloody murders in the US over the last few years, has been recruiting increasingly younger members and resorting to ever more violent methods!"
"askreddit"	"Older redditors, what were the big complaints about the current generation back in the day?"
"the_donald"	"Fake News BTFO Again. Clapper: Intelligence report came from just 3 agencies, not 17"
"the_donald"	"With the addition of Emmanuel Macron, the leaders of France, United Kingdom and Germany have zero biological children among them. They have no stake in the future!"
"funny"	"sit down teaher"
"the_donald"	"Genetics is patriarchal. The Y chromosome is father to son, back to \"Adam\". A female receives an X from both her father and mother; receives a recombined X from her mother, but receives an X that is not recombined from her father. The father's X came from his mother."
"askreddit"	"Do you prefer cold or room temp. soda? Why do you prefer it?"
"askreddit"	"What are some fun subreddits?"
"the_donald"	"Unelected global governance has got to go."
"pics"	"My Friend Doesn't Know He Has a Snail on His Hat!"
"funny"	"About that time again."
"askreddit"	"What are the differences between FBI and CIA?"
"the_donald"	"Africa-Deployed Sailors Strive to Stay Physically Fit"
"the_donald"	"Can the US invade Canada and and kill Trudeau and Wynne Before they turn us into France/Greace"
"askreddit"	"What video game totally defeated you, which part of it ?"
"funny"	"Cant tell me what to do."
"gaming"	"Just bought LISA on Steam"
"the_donald"	"Refugees attack news reporter on live TV"
"the_donald"	"Cornyn busting Yates for overruling legal department in defying Trump's Executive Order."
"askreddit"	"What's the most useful waste of time?"
"funny"	"Big Orange Monster"
"askreddit"	"Because you don't want to tell anyone else, or no one seems to care, how are you doing, really?"
"askreddit"	"What's better Google Play Music or Spotify and why?"
"the_donald"	"Olbermann: Trump exerted influence to stop CNN from hiring me"
"the_donald"	"Ok. We need to counter his r all propoganda"
"askreddit"	"Musicians/concert-goers of reddit, what is the show you'll never forget, and what made it so memorable?"
"the_donald"	"(OC) Lots of Pepe hate going around right now, made something for you guys to share with the haters."
"the_donald"	"Travel Alerts are issued to alert Americans of unsafe and dangerous countries. A Europe Travel Alert was issued by the American State Department on May 1, 2017."
"the_donald"	"Crazy theory, but what do the Extraterrestrial Aliens want?"
"askreddit"	"When have you had to ell a lie only because the truth wasnt believable enough?"
"askreddit"	"What fear keeps you up at night?"
"askreddit"	"What's a trait of yours that's both a gift and a curse?"
"funny"	"Monday. It's worse than Tuesday."
"the_donald"	"\"ISIS isn't Islamic,\" shouts the leftist. Hey folks, pop quiz, what does the acronym \"ISIS\" stand for?"
"funny"	"Which is obviously true"
"the_donald"	"Why?"
"the_donald"	"The whores of DC"
"pics"	"Went on a shoot last night, this was by far my favorite shot :) Really proud of it!"
"askreddit"	"ah what kinda food you don't like that everybody a likes?"
"the_donald"	"A colleague vigorously defended his position the white people and the United States are the devil because of slavery. Made him this and guess what, I`m racist (again)"
"askreddit"	"Americans of Reddit: How would you explain the difference between a notherner and a southerner to a foreigner?"
"askreddit"	"If someone was going to start playing a Zelda game for the first time ever, which one would you suggest they start on?"
"funny"	"Never trust a fart!"
"the_donald"	"Just read an article about Macron strong arming Poland into accepting refugees (forcing them). We will not let Poland fall to the false song of globalism. We cannot let France and the EU bully them into giving up their sovereignty. Who stands with Poland?"
"worldnews"	"Buffalo Bills could be zeroing in on new GM"
"the_donald"	"Trump Voter Feels Betrayed By President After Reading 800 Pages Of Queer Feminist Theory"
"askreddit"	"What words are you going to put in your phonetic alphabet to really fuck with people?"
"askreddit"	"What turns you on but are too scared to tell your SO?"
"the_donald"	"Dear Pedes: Moving back home to SF Bay Area at the end of the month for work. I need your suggestions to blend in as my interim support system is all made up of SJWs. Can you recommend appropriate virtue signaling T-shirts/gear/suggestions to help me blend in?"
"pics"	"A little piggy I met in Cuba"
"askreddit"	"How do you save videos from twitter to your library?"
"askreddit"	"What is your strongest personal quality?"
"the_donald"	"(OC) Lots of Pepe hate right now, made something for you guys to share with the haters."
"the_donald"	"Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron. May your glorious transition to the new Caliphate bring peace to all believers and death to all others. Praise Allah!"
"askreddit"	"In light of recent news how do you feel about Trumps decision in activating Skynet?"
"askreddit"	"What's the scariest thing you've seen on Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"What is Globalism and why is it bad?"
"the_donald"	"Mother's Day is coming up.. Remember to stay away from the company \"Edible Arrangements\" They fund extremist Islamic schools and mosques in America and to Islamic Relief, the HAMAS/Al-Qaeda/Muslim Brotherhood “charity” which sends tens of millions of dollars to finance jihad around the world."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is your weirdest fear?"
"worldnews"	"Stephen Fry's blasphemy probe dropped after Irish police fail to find 'enough outraged people'"
"the_donald"	"You are going to love this, this is Daddy in his base form"
"askreddit"	"How did you get back up when you experienced your biggest let down?"
"worldnews"	"Assange: Clapper lied to Congress, DCLeaks published GOP documents in 2016"
"the_donald"	"Only two options. REEEEE?!?!!!?!!"
"pics"	"No Pyro No Party"
"askreddit"	"What is your family's dankest secret?"
"askreddit"	"Do vaccines cause autism?"
"askreddit"	"What is it about Star Wars that makes it such a lasting obsession in American pop culture?"
"askreddit"	"If you travel anywhere in the US but had to travel alone, where would you go?"
"gaming"	"No matter how good Prey reviews are, I'd still rather of had this version"
"the_donald"	"And so once again, for the third time in just over a century, the US and UK must save France from an invasion of totalitarian ideology."
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite fictional drug?"
"the_donald"	"Muslim Trump Supporter Explains Why! This is epic."
"funny"	"I'm trying out a new look, I'm calling it, \"I have killed once already!\" XD"
"the_donald"	"HEY! WHERE'S THE LIVE FEED AND THE_DONALD COMMENTS ON THE YATES HEARING???? I NEED ME SOME LIVE FEED COMMENTS, PEOPLE! SOMEONE GET ON THIS, NOW!!!"
"the_donald"	"The Yates hearing : Dem group therapy and a big nothing burger."
"askreddit"	"What is French Culture exactly?"
"askreddit"	"What are your worst habits?"
"funny"	"It finally happened to me for the first time since they changed the algorithm. feelsgoodman.jpg"
"askreddit"	"What is something poor people do that most people don't know about?"
"gaming"	"Lets Play Watch Dogs 2, Breaking in to the Stadium"
"the_donald"	"Remember. John ossof will abstrct EVERYTHING trump tries to do"
"the_donald"	"When everyone is calling me a racist but I just want to smoke a blunt and save the world from Islamic terrorists."
"the_donald"	"So ambassador Kislyak wasn't \"over seas\" when he was monitored on Dec 29th. This means they can monitor foreign agents on us soil and still pickup us citizens..."
"pics"	"Only in the Midwest, USA"
"pics"	"Bought this cool print today at an antique shop, anybody got any more info on it?"
"askreddit"	"What makes a reddit post successful?"
"the_donald"	"Build The Wal......."
"askreddit"	"What are some funny examples of yougov profiles?"
"askreddit"	"What's your family's coolest memorabilia?"
"funny"	"Where would you even buy trousers like that?"
"funny"	"ᔕO ᖴᑌᑎᑎY"
"the_donald"	"These Americans gave their lives to liberate France."
"the_donald"	"So a ton of subreddits are against you, and I thought I'd like to hear your case"
"the_donald"	"CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!!!"
"askreddit"	"Fellow Redditors, have you ever met someone who was against vaccines?"
"funny"	"Supernatural, the true origin of fidget spinners"
"gaming"	"'Realistic Mario Mushrooms'"
"the_donald"	"Redpilling Typeracer.com users. My name is Bill Clinton is a Rapist Infowars.com"
"the_donald"	"Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) told Al Jazeera that California is the model to “transform” the Democratic Party."
"askreddit"	"Who/what's something you never expected to get as big as it got?"
"gaming"	"Random guy falls asleep at his computer after work and wakes up confused"
"the_donald"	"Refugee resettlement scam"
"the_donald"	"LET THE TENDIES HIT THE FLOOR"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Impeachment proceedings against president to begin on May 15 - Man your battle stations!"
"askreddit"	"Motorists of Reddit, what's your worst road rage story?"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest lie you have ever caught someone telling?"
"askreddit"	"How did you get rid of your long-time online stalker?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates"
"pics"	"A quick painting of a friend's dogs."
"pics"	"Like Barney Stinson, her bad pictures don't exist."
"the_donald"	"\"America is a fortunate country. She grows by the follies of our European nations.\" - Napoleon Bonaparte"
"askreddit"	"When did you sleep with the wrong person?"
"pics"	"My old trainer coaches 1st graders now"
"askreddit"	"How did you get rid of your long-time online stalker?"
"funny"	"He's Mary Poppin Y'all"
"gaming"	"How to scare a gamer for life"
"worldnews"	"Chechen leader vows dolphinarium will be built in Chechnya’s capital"
"worldnews"	"US Embassy in Saudi Arabia removes Israel from Trump itinerary"
"pics"	"This shot from the new Blade Runner is gorgeous"
"askreddit"	"Where does Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild take place in the Zelda timeline?"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper - EX NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER TO OBAMA Admits He Unmasked Trump Or His Associates Or Members Of Congress! HUGE!!!"
"the_donald"	"Remember The Chandra Levy Case?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you believe despite having no evidence to support it?"
"askreddit"	"What small content creator do you follow that you feel deserves more recognition?"
"worldnews"	"‘Straight out of the Nazi playbook’: Hindu nationalists try to engineer ‘genius’ babies in India"
"the_donald"	"How did this happen ⁉️"
"the_donald"	"[GIF] PewDiePie reacts to being asked his preferred gender pronoun (from video with over 3.2 million views) Just think of all the red pills!"
"askreddit"	"Game developers of Reddit, what do you wish you had known when you first started?"
"askreddit"	"Government waste"
"askreddit"	"What good can come out of never having a bedroom to yourself?"
"askreddit"	"what movie deserves a prequel?"
"askreddit"	"Dear pranksters of Reddit, I'm in a college dorm and my friend started a prank war with me, what are some not so illegal or too offensive pranks that I can pull on him?"
"askreddit"	"Coaches or PE teachers of Reddit, what is the hardest you've seen someone eat shit."
"askreddit"	"Uber/Lyft Drivers of Reddit, who was the worst passenger that you picked up and what did they do to deserve that title?"
"funny"	"This letter to PA Senator Pat Toomey"
"the_donald"	"MRW Harvard decided to help the KKK's segregation agenda by holding Blacks only graduation ceremony"
"the_donald"	"Monster Energy Girl Mariel Lane (black) Approaches NASCAR Fans' Confederate Flags with Understanding"
"the_donald"	"Fuck communists! The subhuman communist filth destroyed Europe. The commies need to be purged"
"funny"	"No matter how obvious you make the joke there will be people who don't get it."
"the_donald"	"Liberals am I right?"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: The US Naval Academy Cyber Security Team- the 2017 NSA Cyber Defense Exercise Champions- visited the @WhiteHouse. I… https://t.co/lPChhFz2ws"
"pics"	"Here is a photo I took on my iPhone somewhere above Oregon/California"
"askreddit"	"If an easygoing deity created an exact replica of 21st century Earth, what would some of its commandments be?"
"the_donald"	"BOMBSHELL: Study Proves Unvaccinated Children Are Healthier. Interview on Infowars"
"the_donald"	"They are trying to normalize Pedophilia."
"the_donald"	"UKIP Nigel Farage Hosts LBC Show - The French Presidency Results"
"funny"	"how are you feeling me from all the way over there?"
"pics"	"My strawberry brings all the boys to the yard."
"askreddit"	"What would you do a lot more if it were socially acceptable?"
"gaming"	"Importing and exporting Vehicles"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have worked behind the scenes on game shows, what was your experience like?"
"askreddit"	"People with most unusual animals as pets. What is it like?"
"askreddit"	"People who received Reddit Gold, how have you posting habits or patterns changed as a result?"
"funny"	"Funny, Freaky and Creepy Eye Trick Lol | Just For Fun"
"the_donald"	"Anon breaks down Obongo's greatest accomplishment"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]How do people get the courage to attempt suicide? and would those who use alcohol find it less scary?"
"askreddit"	"What questions do you think might get you killed in today's world?"
"the_donald"	"The Blue Pill"
"askreddit"	"what are some of the biggest urban legends people still believe?"
"the_donald"	"Go Ted Cruz!!! After the primaries i started to like the guy!"
"funny"	"Finals week in a nutshell."
"gaming"	"The single most fustrating experience in GTA is trying to do heists with randoms."
"the_donald"	"During an interfaith meeting in Portland Muslim student openly admits that Non-Believers will be killed."
"pics"	"At the local lake there is a model boat club, this effort was spotted recently..."
"askreddit"	"Let it all out - what do you need to vent about RIGHT NOW?"
"funny"	"My voice is higher than your voice"
"the_donald"	"Idiotic Seattle-area School Officials Cancel Student Trips Because of ... Trump"
"askreddit"	"Do movie monsters/ghost have free will,(example)is the girl in the ring forced to kill or could she chose not to?"
"the_donald"	"Clapper misleading Congress today. US intel has said DCLeaks is a Russian front. Published GOP email in August 2016"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How to make friends after high school?"
"the_donald"	"DAHNALD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"the_donald"	"Why is it that libshits love communism so much yet refuse to recognize the amount of blood communism/Marxism has on its hands..."
"askreddit"	"What would you name your Serval ?"
"askreddit"	"What did you do for your most memorable birthday?"
"funny"	"A very happy pilllow"
"the_donald"	"Peak Anti-Gun Paranoia: Ohio School Suspends 7th Grader for Liking Instagram Photo of Toy Gun"
"the_donald"	"It's time to buy stock in European candle companies."
"pics"	"Gorgeous Ring From Kantilaki.com"
"askreddit"	"Smokers vs. Nonsmokers - What are your reasons for or against smoking, preferably medical?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, to what extent does others energy affect you? Is there a way to be around negative energy all of the time and not be affected by it?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: It's True! Obama Really Did Use Our Allies to Spy on President Trump! Clapper Confirms!"
"pics"	"Milford Sound - NZ - I took this picture with my Canon t6"
"funny"	"Racoon's lunch 😊"
"the_donald"	"Trump destroys Anderson Cooper - never saw this video before, amazing!"
"pics"	"The top 200 of Google's Earth View [1800x1200]"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest message you've ever received?"
"funny"	"My friend, who is a 5th grade teacher, received this Thank You note from student."
"worldnews"	"‘Straight out of the Nazi playbook’: Hindu nationalists try to engineer ‘genius’ babies in India | Toronto Star"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING Manhunt ongoing as 2 people shot at Burger King restaraunt in Trapppes, France"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper Admits To Unmasking Trump"
"the_donald"	"John Oliver calls \"The Donald\" on Reddit \"The Most Powerful online trolls of all!\""
"the_donald"	"Terrorists are relieved after Macron wins the French presidency"
"askreddit"	"What are the best car manufacturers in your opinion?"
"the_donald"	"Obama doesn't care if democrats lose big in midterms as long as his legacy and potentially single payer healthcare survives."
"askreddit"	"What question would I ask to make it to the top of AskReddit?"
"askreddit"	"When is it better to not know the truth?"
"askreddit"	"Self love time: what's your favorite thing about yourself?"
"askreddit"	"What TV series has the WORST theme song?"
"the_donald"	"Liberal logic"
"askreddit"	"What large cities in America would you recommend for new movers, and why?"
"funny"	"World Class Bowling"
"gaming"	"Black Ops 3 bring back the OG zombies maps."
"the_donald"	"Mexico's Immigration Law: Let's Try It Here at Home"
"the_donald"	"OH NOES! 34k internet heroes think that we are a hate group and should be banned! What ever will we do!!"
"askreddit"	"When you were a child, which movie (or movies) did you absolutely love watching over and over again?"
"askreddit"	"What's an interesting unexplained phenomenon?"
"gaming"	"Games where your choices don't actually matter."
"the_donald"	"FAKE NEWS MEDIA THINKS PEPE IS MORTAL AND HAS DIED. HE IS A BEING OF PURE MEME MAGIC!!!"
"the_donald"	"Winston, how many genders are there?"
"the_donald"	"Why is the Constitution supposed to apply to potential terrorists who want to invade the USA as supposed \"refugees\" but not apply if you want to secretly listen to their calls while they're talking to Americans?"
"pics"	"Infinity glass OC"
"funny"	"Floppity Eared Gorgeous GSD's...."
"the_donald"	"Cruz wants answers, AND HE WANTS THEM NOW!!!"
"the_donald"	"Judicial Watch Sues For Sally Yates’ Justice Department Emails (VIDEO)"
"the_donald"	"Sen. Grassley GRILLS Clapper and Sally Yates on Unmasking of Trump Officials=&gt; Both Refuse to Provide Details (VIDEO)"
"pics"	"This is not \"This is not a pipe\"...(my first painting)."
"askreddit"	"Movie goers of Reddit, what's the weirdest/craziest thing you've seen in a theater?"
"programming"	"Pernicious Uncaught ReferenceError in particular React.js code"
"the_donald"	"'DAB ON EM' is a White Supremacist signal!"
"the_donald"	"Cruz pounding Yates for defying President on his legal travel ban. Yates is challenging Cruz on Constitutional law???"
"askreddit"	"What's the best thing about your life right now?"
"funny"	"The goddamn disrespect"
"pics"	"NSFW My friend was taking festival photos at this year's Carolina Rebellion and may have found the most excited fan"
"askreddit"	"What was the best invention?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is ours now, is still alive and everything is AOK!"
"the_donald"	"Me when Texas passes \"Sanctuary City\" Bill"
"the_donald"	"When daddy Trump comes to drop some truth on you"
"funny"	"Mangioning intensifies"
"askreddit"	"Flat Earthers are to astronomy as Sovereign Citizens are to the legal system. What are some equivalents in other fields?"
"askreddit"	"How often do you look at yourself in the mirror and what are part of your face most stands out to you ?"
"askreddit"	"Which older generation (Sega, NES, SNES, etc.) games are some of the best games made?"
"funny"	"Only in the Midwest, USA"
"askreddit"	"What was your complaint and result, the last time that you complained to a company using their online form?"
"askreddit"	"People who leave their cars running while they sit in a parking lot in normal weather for long periods of time: Why do you do this?"
"the_donald"	"Being blocked by Reddit?"
"pics"	"Anyone know where I can buy this mug?"
"askreddit"	"What is angriest you've been, or seen somebody after losing a video game?"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"best\" tip to someone entering a new relationship?"
"funny"	"The vending machine malfunctioned and then laughed at me."
"the_donald"	"Liberals are for population control... even if they are the ones removed."
"the_donald"	"Poland Right Now..."
"askreddit"	"What is the longest you've had goosebumps for and why?"
"funny"	"how to music"
"askreddit"	"People with Leap Year birthdays, what's it like with legal documents and birthdays?"
"funny"	"Redneck love"
"the_donald"	"Ah screw it.. arrest Sally Yates too. #LockHerUp"
"the_donald"	"Gilbert du Motier on Twitter - \"I may not be all that intellegent, but I love my country and all the people in it. That's all that matters, really.\""
"the_donald"	"Anti-White Trendy Liberal annihilates herself"
"funny"	"On so many levels"
"the_donald"	"6 months ago today the United States of America refused to submit to the false song of globalism. It would be a shame if cucks coming to gloat about Le Pen were triggered by this instead. A real fucking shame."
"the_donald"	"Self-righteous Sally Yates trying to defend thinking that she could overrule the President of the US."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What was the worst dream you ever had?"
"the_donald"	"Rich man, poor country!"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst tagline used for a movie?"
"askreddit"	"When have you had to tell a lie only because the truth wasnt believable enough?"
"the_donald"	"Frankenstein"
"the_donald"	"We will fight them in the air, on the beaches and we will NEVER SURRENDER!"
"the_donald"	"Apparently, Pepe is Jesus because the leftists 'killed him,' but yet here he is on this subreddit alive and well."
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what is your relationship with your neighbors like?"
"askreddit"	"Why do celebrity deaths affect normal members of the public so badly?"
"askreddit"	"Are you concerned about having clean air and water, and, if yes, what are you doing to keep the air and water clean?"
"the_donald"	"How DOES Macron's wife Brigitte Trogneux defy her age? (She Doesn't)"
"funny"	"FINALLY. I'VE BEEN SEARCHING ALL DAY."
"gaming"	"Totally New Middle Earth Shadow Of War Gameplay. Hehehehe"
"gaming"	"Damn I love playing multiplayer with my brother! Can't wait to pay for the online service!"
"the_donald"	"Trump causes divorce!! KEK"
"askreddit"	"Given unlimited funds, what is a legal battle you would like to fund?"
"the_donald"	"Next time France gets a truck of peace, a cultural beheading, or a diversity mass shooting..."
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] What is something you think only you do and nobody else does?"
"askreddit"	"Coaches or PE teachers of Reddit, what is the hardest you've seen someone eat shit?"
"askreddit"	"If you were feeling extra malicious today what are some cool things on the internet to show a college student so that they procrastinate and fail all their finals?"
"funny"	"Watching this video clip when suddenly, Cousin Itt."
"gaming"	"The Division or Ghost Recon Wildlands?"
"the_donald"	"One hundred trillion dollars banknote!"
"the_donald"	"Linda Sarsour gets BTFO on the topic of Female Genital Mutilation in Islam"
"gaming"	"Mute"
"the_donald"	"Do y'all see Yates testifying right now ?"
"askreddit"	"How do you deal with hay fever?"
"funny"	"wow as this true the world youngest journalist"
"the_donald"	"As news papers and journalists rush to flood the daily news with much rejoicing... 'The march of populism fades...' 'Populism halted..' 'A return to normalcy ...' I should remind everyone of a definition. Makes you wonder... So if we are leaving populism, what exactly are we returning to?"
"pics"	"Balloon in the sun, thought it was a cool pic. Took with LGG4 camera"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have sued someone and won who did you sue and why?"
"askreddit"	"Look back to your childhood.. What memorable things happened on the playground during recess?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most American word you can think of?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who couldn't say \"No\" to a salesman, what did you end up buying?"
"askreddit"	"Why are Nickelodeon and Disney segregating their animated programs and live action programs on separate channels?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most mysterious thing you've witnessed?"
"the_donald"	"How many times can \"I appreciate that\" be said in a committee hearing"
"askreddit"	"Teacher's who have taught disabled students, what's something that you've done to improve their lives or education?"
"the_donald"	"If the creator of Pepe killed him.. does that mean he belongs to The_Donald now?"
"the_donald"	"And they say cocks and cock holsters can't live together non-sexually."
"askreddit"	"What's the best meal you can cook?"
"the_donald"	"Curious, how many Obama EOs did Yates or DOJ advise were illegal or unconstitutional vs number issued vs number thrown out as illegal by the courts?"
"askreddit"	"What's the coolest thing you've found?"
"askreddit"	"What is the hands down worst movie you've ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe Wan"
"askreddit"	"What was the biggest misunderstanding of all time?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have met politicians - what were they like?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who choose not to live with their SO/Spouse: Why?"
"funny"	"Not good"
"funny"	"Its not spider?"
"the_donald"	"Saw this on another sub, I hope that this was just posted by some anti Trump cuck to make us look bad, if one of you guys actually said this I'm justdisappointed"
"askreddit"	"What's something you've only just learned that everyone knows?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do now that your younger self would be shocked by?"
"askreddit"	"What non liquid substance would you like to take a bath in?"
"askreddit"	"You open the hatch and descend the steps to the surface of mars. What do you say?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, how close were you of injuring yourself because of a stupidity?"
"askreddit"	"What happened when you brought your SO to your parents the first time knowing they wont approve of them?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst cup of coffee you have ever had?"
"askreddit"	"What games, books, shows, etc did you think you would hate but ended up loving?"
"askreddit"	"What did you almost do that no one else knows about that would have embarrassed you forever but you just managed to not do it and save your dignity?"
"the_donald"	"So how was flynn any more compromisable than basically any other person in america????"
"askreddit"	"just recently found out that there are people who still believe the earth is flat. Now not here to judge but insanely interested to find out why someone would think this and what facts contribute to this. Also, any input on our solar system?"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"that should have been me\" story?"
"funny"	"I took a shot at making one of these."
"the_donald"	"HISTORY: The Democrat Party was once the RED Party"
"the_donald"	"Hold on - if Trump's campaign statements is proof of intent that the EO was a Muslim ban, then why was Obamacare's penalty ruled a \"tax\" when Obama said in his campaign the penalty was a FINE/FEE and NOT a tax?!?!?"
"funny"	"Unorthodox adhesive"
"the_donald"	"Furie just \"killed\" Pepe so the cucks can just say \"it's a dead meme\" and think were going to stop"
"askreddit"	"What's the first thing you notice in someone you are attracted to?"
"pics"	"Poor women feed the cat"
"askreddit"	"What would the person who came up with the name \"toothpaste\" have called other things?"
"askreddit"	"People who have spent time in prison/jail abroad, what was your experience like? Did you ever expect to get out?"
"askreddit"	"What country has the best kangaroos?"
"gaming"	"The Luciodome. Two Lucios enter. One leaves."
"the_donald"	"Hold on - if Trump's campaign statements are proof of intent that the EO was a Muslim ban, then why was Obamacare's penalty ruled a \"tax\" when Obama said in his campaign the penalty was a FINE/FEE and NOT a tax?!?!?"
"the_donald"	"Macron's wife's twin brothers celebrating their brother-in-law's victory"
"the_donald"	"Oh my God, they killed Pepe! (They couldn't) You bastards! (You are)"
"pics"	"Wanted to try VR, bought a knockoff google cardboard and lost the headband."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Trump supporters who regret their vote. Why do you regret it?"
"askreddit"	"What happens to all those passengers who are called to board the plane after checking in, just before takeoff - where did they go in between security and the gate?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite Rick and Morty quote?"
"pics"	"Here's what it costs to be bit by a rattlesnake in America"
"pics"	"He eats everything beautiful in my life, and yet for some reason I still love him."
"pics"	"Odd one out"
"gaming"	"looking for videos on youtube that compile 90s 2000s console pc gaming internet history into songs and memes stuff etc"
"the_donald"	"Determined that Flynn was spied on illegally. Kisliak was on American soil and a 702 wouldn't apply when he was surveilled."
"the_donald"	"175 People Suing CNN For Racial Discrimination"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, where are you now and where are you from? Why are you there?"
"worldnews"	"‘Straight out of the Nazi playbook’: Hindu nationalists try to engineer ‘genius’ babies in India"
"funny"	"\"That's my stop, see you later guys\""
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's an event you witnessed that could ONLY be explained by the worst of bad luck?"
"the_donald"	"America's President Donald Trump , Challenged the Court to continue Ban of six Muslim country"
"the_donald"	"Even CNN Thinks Liberals Are Crazy"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever had a dream come true? What was it?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you keep putting off?"
"funny"	"No Parking.."
"gaming"	"John Oliver from HBO's \"Last Week Tonight\" has a message for gamers: 16:30"
"the_donald"	"@WhiteHouse: Today, @VP Pence and @SecondLady Karen Pence hosted Veterans of the Northern Colorado #HonorFlight. #USA🇺🇸 #ICYMI:… http://bit.ly/2pZzl9e"
"pics"	"This sign my mom found in France"
"askreddit"	"What HORROR movie(s) have you watched 3+ times?"
"askreddit"	"What's the cutting edge in your field of work?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best idiom your language has to offer?"
"funny"	"[Supernatural-Spoiler-Alert] Found the origin of fidget spinners today. Thin line between fandom and autism right there."
"the_donald"	"Just your usual white supremacist passing through. Use this picture to trigger snowflakes. And don't you dare assume my gender."
"askreddit"	"I have applied to a PD in Oregon and I have both consumed and possessed marijuana in the past three years- a major disqualifier; how do i tell them i cannot continue?"
"the_donald"	"Paul Ryan Continues Screwing The American Workers - Sending the illegal-immigrant workers home “is not his focus nor will that be my focus,” Perdue added.”"
"the_donald"	"TRANSGENDER AGENDA FAIL: Scientists Say There Are More Than 6,500 Genes That Express Differently In Men And Women"
"funny"	"I was checking to see if any one else was using my channel name."
"the_donald"	"Gloablist full force 2020 - Facebook, Disney and Starbucks CEO's plan to run for office"
"the_donald"	"So, ya, about that Trump/Russia collusion ... turns out it was #FAKENEWS 🐸 🐸 🐸"
"askreddit"	"Instead of having people pay taxes, the government has an annual GoFundMe. What are some incentives they offer to get people to donate?"
"askreddit"	"What did your parents almost name you?"
"funny"	"A title just isn't required here."
"pics"	"She's introducing her newborn niece, Rebel Wilson cuddles up to her newest family member as she enjoys time in her native Australia!"
"the_donald"	"Bill Clinton Writing First Novel with James Patterson"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you for being nice?"
"askreddit"	"I'm planning a last minute cross country trip from NYC to Los Angeles (using the NYC-Chicago-Denver-Las Vegas- Los Angeles route). Im wondering if Reddit can make any suggestions on things to see on that route. Thank You"
"funny"	"Spaghetti mr.CH"
"worldnews"	"Turkey slams 'occupation' of Jerusalem, draws Israel's ire"
"the_donald"	"Breaking: U.N. mediator says reconvening Syria peace talks in Geneva on May 16 - statement"
"askreddit"	"In general, which department of politics requires more informed politicians, so that they can make better decisions ?"
"askreddit"	"What Organism does humans share the least percentage of DNA with?"
"askreddit"	"Where can robot replace you?"
"worldnews"	"Dramatic scenes of flooding in Quebec and beyond"
"funny"	"Truth!"
"the_donald"	"I have an olive branch, if you will. A missive for our Sharia Blue counterparts:"
"askreddit"	"What are the tips for winning lottery?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most appropriate gif to match with \"Yoink\"?"
"askreddit"	"What counties are top 3 when it comes to government?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most overhyped thing you have ever experienced?"
"gaming"	"When is the PlayStation 5 Releasing?"
"gaming"	"Horizon Zero Dawn - Running alongside a Thunderjaw"
"pics"	"Very suggestive caulk"
"askreddit"	"Parents of reddit, what's the most awkward thing your children have asked you?"
"the_donald"	"Chris Pratt Forced To Apologize To Deaf People For Saying People Should ‘Turn Up The Volume’ And ‘Listen’"
"askreddit"	"What's your worst vacation horror story?"
"askreddit"	"Would you do it different if you were young again?"
"funny"	"Welcome to Uranus"
"gaming"	"Paragon - Revenant Power Hour Build/Gameplay!!"
"askreddit"	"What's something you've been wanting to do but can't/won't?"
"askreddit"	"Employers of Reddit what can your best employees get away with?"
"askreddit"	"What should I binge watch now that finals are over?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, Could you please explain what is the Reddit front page type material?"
"funny"	"He's Mary Poppins y'all."
"pics"	"I was going through my old books, and had to double take what year I I was in..."
"pics"	"My Grandfather and fellow soldiers celebrating VE Day in Germany 72 years ago today."
"askreddit"	"What crazy thing did you find out about your family that was kept a secret when you were a kid?"
"gaming"	"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAXqCKy8-x8"
"the_donald"	"Domestic terrorism"
"the_donald"	"LIVE Interview: Will you house a Syrian refugee?"
"pics"	"Trump website takes down Muslim ban statement after reporter grills Spicer in briefing."
"pics"	"National Geographic presents: \"Suburban Wild\""
"pics"	"Okay, seriously?!"
"askreddit"	"For those who \"pick something up, then set it down.\" What do you do for fun, or as a hobby without getting washed up on it after a couple times?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest joke you ever heard ?"
"askreddit"	"Officers of Reddit, what is the first thing you notice about a vehicle on the roadway?"
"askreddit"	"What joke do people keep making up for you, that they think you'll never have heard before?"
"the_donald"	"This is the Trump card. ALL OTHER CARDS LOST ALL VALUE"
"the_donald"	"Even cucked CNN knows that there are only 2 genders. ✌"
"the_donald"	"Found the next Bullshit Sub... /r/Forwards from Grandma"
"askreddit"	"What is the dumbest thing you've done intoxicated/under the influence?"
"gaming"	"Learn something new everyday"
"the_donald"	"Except for Cruz, this is a fucking RINO clusterfuck."
"the_donald"	"JustShariaThings"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite Easter Egg and how is it accessed?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most coincidental thing you've ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"All you Sharia Blue Cucks get in here! I offer you this:"
"the_donald"	"Hey Pedes! Found the definition for \"globalism\""
"askreddit"	"What is the worst injury you've ever receive and how has your recovery been?"
"the_donald"	"Pleasure Faire for All SoCal Bards"
"askreddit"	"What are some good questions to ask a hiring manager to make them more likely to hire you?"
"gaming"	"The Design of Dead Space - Part 3 (aka, why Dead Space 3 is bad)"
"the_donald"	"We should've left pepe dead for 3 days and then had him rise from a cave. Think of the meme potential!"
"worldnews"	"Pakistan: Woman killed by father, brother in the name of 'honour'"
"the_donald"	"REMEMBER BRIGADING CUCKS, YOU CAN ALWAYS GET A COAT AND MAGA, BUT WE WON'T SLOW DOWN FOR YOU CUZ THIS TRAIN HAS #NOBRAKES!!!"
"askreddit"	"What needs to be fixed in Earth's next update?"
"askreddit"	"Who is one user you wish you could meet in person?"
"funny"	"This car actually drives around... (Russia, St.Petersburg)"
"the_donald"	"If RT is Russian Propaganda .... Then what does that make NPR? American Propaganda???"
"the_donald"	"Don't let Google smear the right! Call them out with the feedback button!"
"the_donald"	"Remove children b4 opening. Two peaceful black duds"
"askreddit"	"Would you eat insects? If you already have, what did they taste like?"
"askreddit"	"What countries are top 3 when it comes to government?"
"the_donald"	"&lt;-- Number of people that think that enoughtrumpspam is only wants to limit free speech of Trump supporters"
"the_donald"	"Dropped this beautiful info MOAB on a cuck. They still haven't thought of a comeback."
"pics"	"INSANE BANNED Waterslides YOU CAN'T GO ON ANYMORE!"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about this Camera for under 40 $ there is a link in the comments ?"
"the_donald"	"[GIF] PewDiePie reacts to being asked his preferred gender pronoun (from video with 3.2 million views already) Just think of all the red pills!"
"pics"	"This was once a beach -- on ancient Mars. Named Ogunquit Beach after its terrestrial counterpart, evidence shows that at times long ago the area was underwater, while at other times it was at the edge of an ancient lake."
"askreddit"	"Redditors without a college degree, are things going well? How did you get to where you are now?"
"askreddit"	"Uber drivers of Reddit, who was your worst customer?"
"askreddit"	"Who's an artist/band to you that if someone else doesn't like, you know they don't have good taste in music?"
"askreddit"	"What are some nicknames that you can give Benedict Cumberbatch?"
"askreddit"	"What is getting old to you on Facebook?"
"askreddit"	"Pride about your favorite team aside, what's the most interesting team sport to be a fan of?"
"funny"	"Always have a plan for the future"
"the_donald"	"Clapper just asked why Julian ASSANGE wasn't a journalist to clapper under oath ..."
"the_donald"	"JOURNALIST. Screw Clapper; Julian Assange absolutely is a journalist. So, why is this not the first image I see when I search for it? JOURNALIST This absolutely should be number 1!"
"the_donald"	"Me listening to your bullshit."
"askreddit"	"What is something people use way to much of?"
"askreddit"	"Could you ever forgive your significant other for cheating on you? Why or why not?"
"the_donald"	"Absolutely no collusion with Russia confirmed, he confessed that he requested unmasking, and confirmed that USA can only tap non us citizens, TRUMP was still tapped, then CONVO LEAKED TO WASHPO -----------OBAMA ORDERED POLITICAL TAPS ON TRUMP-----------"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have a super shiny forehead do you know that you have a shiny forehead?"
"askreddit"	"Women with kids and no jobs, how do you have so much money to spend?"
"funny"	"Fuck yeah!"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicer Destroys Reporter On Clearance Of Flynn (Feat. Dumb Question Dave)"
"askreddit"	"What is the scariest dream you've ever had?"
"askreddit"	"If an alien came to earth disguised as a human and asked you to help it blend into society. What would you do/what would you tell it"
"askreddit"	"What is the best/worst story about meeting your hero?"
"askreddit"	"What's your OCD?"
"askreddit"	"What was the strangest Fetish somebody you were dating had?"
"askreddit"	"What do you consider true fear or horror?"
"funny"	"MFW I sleep on a Purple Mattress"
"the_donald"	"NO WAY: \"Travel Ban would have been constitutional if Shillary would have enacted it!\""
"the_donald"	"Pro-migrant French are asked about housing refugees"
"pics"	"Pepsi is the devil's drink"
"askreddit"	"Tell us your job without telling us your job"
"the_donald"	"[Serious] This sub has outlived its usefulness"
"the_donald"	"Mayor Ed Murray Who Opposed Trump on Sanctuary Cities, Will NOT Seek Re-Election, After New Accusations that the Liberal Mayor Sexually Abused Homeless Children"
"askreddit"	"What's the stupidest thing someone has gotten rich off of?"
"askreddit"	"When's the last time you laid down, closed your eyes and just listened to music for hours?"
"askreddit"	"What is your first thinking when you wake up at morning?"
"askreddit"	"What is a notable case of a real life mad genius?"
"the_donald"	"Complyn' Ted doing his part"
"pics"	"000 Paper Cranes - A Memorial to Sadako Sasaki"
"worldnews"	"FCC website hit by attacks after 'net neutrality' proposal"
"the_donald"	"LION TED POUNCED ON SALLY YATES. The so-called #Deepstate diversionary strategy won't fool him! We have the best formal rivals-now-allies folks!"
"pics"	"Stitched Panorama - Park City Utah Spring 2015"
"askreddit"	"How can generation Y stay out of debt?"
"the_donald"	"Clapper: 'Wikileaks is bad for revealing sources and methods but if your last name is Clinton its ok'"
"pics"	"When you read it. 🍑"
"askreddit"	"why do people yell at retail employees/ front end staff?"
"worldnews"	"Donald Trump's travel ban faces new test - Times of India"
"worldnews"	"Trump travel ban: Appeals court takes first look at revised order"
"worldnews"	"Trump travel ban: Virginia appeals court hears arguments in crucial next stage | US news"
"the_donald"	"It's no coincidence."
"the_donald"	"The CIA should just make the people peddling this Russia bullshit disappear like in the good ol days"
"askreddit"	"Philosophers of Reddit, what is your philosophy about life?"
"the_donald"	"WATCH: The Palestinian ‘Hero’ Who’s Leading A Hunger Strike Was Just Caught On Tape…Eating Cookies."
"askreddit"	"Wonder if anyone chasing this"
"funny"	"Either our flight was veeeeeery delayed or we 're about to drop the ultimate hip hop-album....."
"worldnews"	"A screenwriter who spearheaded the project to find the remains of Richard III has condemned plans to stage Shakespeare’s play in the cathedral where he was reburied in 2015."
"the_donald"	"The saddest 3 minutes you will ever watch as a decent human being."
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to stop blushing when speaking in front of people and called out in class, why?"
"the_donald"	"French culture"
"pics"	"There is a chicken in my yard"
"askreddit"	"Without telling us your job, What is your job?"
"funny"	"Awesome shirt"
"worldnews"	"British Pregnant Lady died in Thailand"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Humble Bundle developers, how was your experience? Were you happy with your revenue cut? How do you feel about the discount video game economy?"
"funny"	"So, my friend got a new phone..."
"askreddit"	"With today's hearing about Flynn, what's your thoughts on Trump's hiring practices?"
"askreddit"	"How do you make it to the front page of r/AskReddit?"
"askreddit"	"What story has the slowest buildup to the biggest payoff?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Males who have had surgery to become a female: Do you wish you could have a period like natural born females do?"
"askreddit"	"If you could remake the world as a just place for all time, or sit atop it as its ruler (as it is now) for all time, which would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"Who has taught you the most in your life?"
"the_donald"	"Question: Has The Don read the H----y emails yet? Are they keeping the emails away from the Executive Branch?"
"askreddit"	"What tool would you like to be, and why?"
"funny"	"Sally Yates hearts you"
"askreddit"	"What was that weird superstition you heard about while in school or growing up?"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest pet peeve that people do?"
"the_donald"	"MILO to have $50 MILLION DOLLAR life insurance policy placed on him. If something were to happen, all that money would go straight to his conservative enterprise."
"the_donald"	"&lt;=========== People that believe Antifa are a bunch of cheerleaders who never held a real job in their life"
"askreddit"	"why do we still follow the customer is always right?"
"askreddit"	"Are you a Data Broker/Analyst/Scientist? If so, I'd like to know a bit more about the industry, how data is collected sold and used."
"gaming"	"John Oliver from HBO's \"Last Week Tonight\" has a message for gamers: Net Neutrality (www.gofccyourself.com)"
"the_donald"	"sweetFROG uses a based FROG for their logo. Another faith filled business that lefties hate. FROG=Fully Rely On God. Get in there pedes and enjoy!"
"funny"	"Mangioning intensifies"
"funny"	"Son's school art project"
"askreddit"	"What can you do in ten minutes that takes other people an hour to do?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] What's a funny sexual story from school that you have?"
"the_donald"	"Does anyone know the outcome of #BLMKindapping?"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan blasts Israel, calls on Muslims to visit Al-Aqsa: Each day Jerusalem is occupied is insult"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, if you could only listen to one artist/band for the rest of your life, who would it be?"
"askreddit"	"Whats your worst shower/bath experience?"
"askreddit"	"What city do you live in and how much is your monthly rent?"
"askreddit"	"What's your most interesting discovery whilst browsing LinkedIn?"
"the_donald"	"German Asylum Seeker: demands sex, is refused, throws woman OUT A WINDOW and she breaks both legs. Then cries in court and said \"life has been unfair to him since he came to Germany\" as an asylum seeker. Anyone want to take in more refugees?"
"pics"	"I shaved my beard when we found out my wife was pregnant. I let it grow through the whole pregnancy, and shaved it off when he was born. Now it lives in a shadowbox frame."
"the_donald"	"The EU Mediterranean Taxi Service"
"funny"	"My feelings on the Alien Covenant reviews..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How to make friends after high school?"
"askreddit"	"What is a trivial thing that annoys you?"
"the_donald"	"Dear mods - can we ban twitter links?"
"the_donald"	"German Asylum Seeker: demands sex, is refused, throws woman OUT A WINDOW and she breaks both legs. Then he cries in court and said \"life has been unfair to him since he came to Germany\" as an asylum seeker. Anyone want to take in more refugees?"
"pics"	"Rare photo of Kim Il-sung's baseball sized tumor on his neck, 1984"
"the_donald"	"Neocon George Will: Your new toupee does not make you look 18. It makes you look like a silly elder gay."
"askreddit"	"What is the cheapest thing you have ever seen someone do?"
"the_donald"	"Sinclair broadcasting growing in size to rival left leaning media groups"
"the_donald"	"Keith Olbermann Blames Donald Trump for Failing to Get Job at CNN"
"the_donald"	"Macron_irl"
"askreddit"	"What are the 'environments' you can become a 'product' of?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that you never understood when you were a child, that you still have trouble understanding to this day?"
"the_donald"	"SENATOR TIM KAINE IS SUCH A FUCKING CUCK SENATOR TIM KAINE IS SUCH A FUCKING CUCK SENATOR TIM KAINE IS SUCH A FUCKING CUCK SENATOR TIM KAINE IS SUCH A FUCKING CUCK"
"pics"	"University of Texas Tower"
"the_donald"	"REMINDER: There is a free speech rally in BOSTON on May 13. Will The_Donald send its pedes in aid?"
"gaming"	"WEEKLY BRAWL (05/04/17 - 05/11/17) | Heroes of the Storm"
"askreddit"	"How much do you make a year?"
"askreddit"	"What is a sign of intelligence?"
"the_donald"	"RIP Pepe. Now he's going to disappear forever and never be seen again, just like this picture."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Who has the most interesting/craziest life story in history?"
"askreddit"	"Why did Trump won in America, but France and the Netherlands choose for the left?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the science behind fat women having sexy voices?"
"funny"	"When the office is empty"
"the_donald"	"MRW the inevitable happens to France"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst song a stripper could do a routine to?"
"funny"	"Rechargeable Pedofile"
"the_donald"	"READ THIS CUCKAGANDA - Local Town Radio Seeking Donations VIRTUE SIGALING"
"askreddit"	"What's something that your employer should know about you that they wouldn't glean from your resume or transcript?"
"askreddit"	"Runners, what time of day do you go running &amp; why?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good news that not even Redditors can refute with their depressing evidence-backed replies?"
"funny"	"Get off, shadow! Get OFF"
"worldnews"	"Canada's Quebec battles floods; police search for toddler, man swept away"
"the_donald"	"We need legislation to solve this \"classified information\" thing that lets anyone in the goverment avoid answering any questions"
"askreddit"	"What's your best sneaking booze into a place story?"
"the_donald"	"POST THINGS THAT TRIGGER THE FUHRER OF EUROPE"
"funny"	"Four-stroke egg."
"the_donald"	"How will \"French\" celebrate their win? Pls vote &amp; RT #frenchelection"
"askreddit"	"Why are you not happy at the moment?"
"the_donald"	"The Destroyers of America"
"the_donald"	"Harvard's Segregated 2017 Graduation"
"askreddit"	"If suddenly something happened and you only could talk to one person for exactly 30 seconds before you were put in solitary for the rest of your life, who would be your last call, and what would you say?"
"funny"	"[Tutorial] How to never brake up with your gf"
"the_donald"	"To the guy who said \"This just goes to show how fucked popular vote systems are. Impossible for Le Pen to win, simply because most people don't want her to.\", you DO NOT represent us at The_Donald"
"the_donald"	"This Jimmy Kimmel's, \"Mean Tweets\" segment with Obama did not age well."
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] Women of reddit, how can you tell a guy is going to be freaky in bed before having sex with him?"
"askreddit"	"Is the advancement of technology slowing down, speeding up, or has it stagnated? Why?"
"the_donald"	"Leaked photos of Obama's White House Residence show proof of his Muslim allegiance. Was there any doubt?"
"the_donald"	"No Wonder ANTIFA Wears Masks"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"gaming"	"Just another day in GTA San Andreas"
"pics"	"Bodie Island Lighthouse"
"askreddit"	"What question are you tired of seeing on Ask Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Anti-Trump Advocates. How have your few's towards him and his supporters changed since his inauguration?"
"gaming"	"Guy's Mom is a Natural at Mario Galaxy"
"askreddit"	"What are some great nicknames for Benedict Cumberbatch?"
"funny"	"The things you see on your commute home from work"
"gaming"	"Please suggest me a gaming pc/laptop that's not too expensive."
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"the_donald"	"I'm sad, not mad, at Colbert. Colbert's dad and brothers died in a plane crash. I just spoke with my brothers and dad is coming to dinner. Colbert would love to trade places. No matter how funny he is, he thinks about the violence of their deaths as they died screaming. Me? I sleep well."
"askreddit"	"What is the most fucked up prank that someone has pulled on you?"
"askreddit"	"How do you motivate yourself to get your work down, resist temptations, and ignore distractions (like reddit)?"
"askreddit"	"why every people have there own love?"
"the_donald"	"Just your daily reminder that it takes a man and a woman to make a baby. The wage gap isn't real if sex is a social construct. Feminism does nothing to progress women's rights and privileges."
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"askreddit"	"Redditors with degrees past high school, what did you obtain and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite riddle?"
"gaming"	"I'm the amputee gamer from yesterday. Here's more photos of the controller and I'll put my stream in the comments to show it in action. I'll be playing halo 5 for a while."
"the_donald"	"Staying one step ahead of the future ... They tore down the Confederate Flag in 2015 - They are tearing down Confederate statues in 2017 - They are going to go after Pepe in 2019 - MAN YOUR BATTLE STATIONS!"
"askreddit"	"What stuff do ya'll do to gator dun?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"the_donald"	"'I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.\" - Ron Paul"
"pics"	"An old blast furnace in Pittsburgh"
"funny"	"Never skip face day"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: (2/2) That's why the spending bill that @POTUS signed includes a $21 billion increase for the Armed Forces. https://t.co/aKscacVvlD"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: It's a privilege to serve as VP to a @POTUS who is so committed to the men &amp; women of the Armed Forces, their famil… https://t.co/sszyf8XaGf"
"askreddit"	"IT people of Reddit, when you actually do work, what would the biggest nightmare be to deal with?"
"askreddit"	"whats the most ridiculous angry/ stupid customer/client story you have?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you need to know as a young adult that high school/college doesn't teach you?"
"askreddit"	"Sally Yates has a fake tan. Why do liberals attack Trump's fake tan?"
"askreddit"	"People who turned their life around, how did you do it?"
"gaming"	"Eye-Tracking Software Shows Exactly How Frantic 'Overwatch' is On The Senses"
"the_donald"	"SENATE HEARING today. Tell me if my logic is sound:"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"the_donald"	"Trump Administration Just Swore In Seven New Immigration Judges!"
"pics"	"Loch Ness from Dores beach"
"askreddit"	"How do you control yourself and resist temptation, ignore distractions, delay gratification, and not burn out from sustained effort everyday?"
"askreddit"	"Is the earth really round, or is it flat?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"pics"	"I surprised myself with a painting I painted for me of my dog."
"pics"	"those eyes."
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to piss off a food snob?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"the_donald"	"Staying one step ahead of the future ... They tore down the Confederate Flag in 2015 - They are tearing down Confederate statues in 2017 - They are going to go after Pepe in 2019 - MAN YOUR BATTLE STATIONS!"
"askreddit"	"You can choose 5 people (living or dead) to squad up. Who are you going to hit the streets with, and what is the squad gonna do?"
"askreddit"	"Haleakala sunrise proposal"
"funny"	"An Idiot Trys Two Week Tattoos"
"the_donald"	"To Sally Yates \"Who appointed you to the Supreme Court?\""
"the_donald"	"#ThinBlueLine Congressman Ken Burn is high energy."
"askreddit"	"What's it like for a blind person to use marijuana?"
"askreddit"	"Girls of Reddit, what's the sexiest sex you've ever sexed?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"askreddit"	"What YouTube channel has only gotten better?"
"askreddit"	"Is Macaroni and cheese considered a pasta, or does it have it own category as \"Mac and cheese\""
"askreddit"	"Ladies of Reddit, what makes your dream man?"
"gaming"	"Not-so-Retro Gaming Gif #50 - Wild Guns Reloaded (PS4)"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"funny"	"I'm not even mad. Kinda impressed to be honest."
"gaming"	"\" ALL - GAMERS DREAM \""
"worldnews"	"The U.S. military is targeting Islamic State's virtual caliphate by hunting &amp; killing its online operatives one-by-one"
"worldnews"	"Boko Haram leader sent a girl on forced suicide attack for resisting his rape attempt"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"askreddit"	"If you could pre-select only 5 values to be hardwired into your child's brain, what would they be?"
"askreddit"	"Gas station/Bank managers etc of Reddit: with the high rate of card skimmers, how are you protecting your customers?"
"askreddit"	"Why do people hate Bill Nye?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit the game has been released. What will you do on it?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is one thing you wish friends/family understood about you?"
"funny"	"P DIDDY CROPS KENDALL JENNER AND KYLIE JENNER OUT OF MET GALA PHOTO ON INSTAGRAM"
"the_donald"	"Strange Shit Going on with the Reddit App."
"the_donald"	"Obama's syrupy last-ditch bid to save his legacy"
"askreddit"	"What's something your spouse/significant other does that they'd never tolerate you doing?"
"funny"	"Going to family gatherings like"
"gaming"	"Fight Night Champion slider settings"
"askreddit"	"What makes a great boss at work?"
"askreddit"	"American redditors, what was surprising when you visited a foreign country for the first time?"
"the_donald"	"#ThinBlueLine Congressman Ken Buck is high energy. #DrainTheFDASwamp"
"askreddit"	"Why do we stand on the tip of our toes when we \"walk into\" other people?"
"the_donald"	"Just a picture of some French citizens celebrating Macron's victory. Please ignore"
"askreddit"	"Is there a Poloniex posting?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES, BUT SO DOES SOROS......."
"the_donald"	"Cheap whores"
"the_donald"	"Racist person BODY SLAMS AND DROWNS ELDERLY WOMAN in Florida. WARNING: horrifying video."
"pics"	"Downtown Dallas with Singleton Bridge"
"askreddit"	"Is there a word to describe certain numbers that stand for something? (69, 420, 666, etc.)"
"programming"	"A newbie’s first Gatsby 1.0 blog launch (and why I chose Netlify over Github Pages)"
"the_donald"	"Steve Bannon's Former Hollywood Partner Breaks Silence: \"He's Not a Racist\""
"the_donald"	"MFW I'm not dead, I'm just on vacation"
"askreddit"	"You are 15+ years old and you just peed yourself at work/school/in public. What do you do?"
"funny"	"When she saids she is a virgin"
"the_donald"	"Just a picture of some French citizens celebrating Macrons Victory."
"pics"	"Bumblebee butt!! Cute bum. #bumblebee #tasmania #saffron photo @campo_de_flori"
"askreddit"	"What are some unusual food combinations that you love?"
"askreddit"	"I have a question (for people who are familiar with law)"
"gaming"	"Will Simpsons Hit &amp; Run ever be remastered for PS4? I will do anything for a remaster. Please."
"the_donald"	"EU = Nazis"
"askreddit"	"Mail Carriers of Reddit, what's the strangest thing you've ever found in a mailbox?"
"the_donald"	"No Wonder ANTIFA Wears Masks (Image Fixed for Your Viewing Pleasure)"
"pics"	"Happy Coconut Cream Pie Day"
"askreddit"	"Hey :) What's the first thing that comes to your mind right now?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard a teacher say?"
"askreddit"	"What two things do you wish people would stop mixing up?"
"worldnews"	"Turkey's Erdogan lashes out at Israel over Muezzin Bill, US embassy transfer"
"askreddit"	"What can I study if I'm dirt poor and want to work with animals/nature?"
"askreddit"	"Witty minds of Reddit, if you were to open a Tanning Salon what would you call it?"
"funny"	"Angry idiot yells at traffic"
"the_donald"	"Surrender sticks with a side of ketchup"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"the_donald"	"We hear FAKE NEWS say that immigrants (Mexico &amp; Central America) are less likely to commit crime. They are also less likely to have completed high school, can't speak English, more likely to live in poverty and on food stamps. Less likely to have health insurance and less likely to pay property tax."
"askreddit"	"What plan did not work out as hoped?"
"the_donald"	"WINNING one rational Democrat over at a time.... (Welcome to the conservative movement u/RIPSpaceBat)"
"the_donald"	"Pepe isn't the only meme that has died for our sins."
"the_donald"	"Anyone know when that evidence of Trump-Russia collusion is supposed to get here?"
"the_donald"	"What does everyone think of Net Neutrality?"
"askreddit"	"What would be a more appropriate title for your favorite tv show?"
"the_donald"	"Tonight with Don Lemon although James Flapper confirms Donald Trump was correct in that Obama spied on him and his team we will not report on this story as it would look really bad on us and our precious Obama, Now let's talk Russian Collusion for an hour k"
"the_donald"	"Um this dude right now questioning Yates and clapper is killing it !"
"the_donald"	"Surrender sticks with ketchup on the side"
"askreddit"	"Who are history's most interesting people to research when bored?"
"pics"	"All the same it happened"
"gaming"	"Any good VR games?"
"the_donald"	"No! No! NO! Sen. Johnson Introduces Massive Guestworker Program Plus Amnesty..."
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES ∞"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] how much money did you make last year?"
"the_donald"	"ACLU lawyer admits in court today that the travel ban would be constitutional if enacted by Clinton. This is judicial overreach at its worst."
"the_donald"	"Antifa, if you believe that strongly about your cause, why do you cover your faces?"
"pics"	"My cousin does miniature photography as a hobby. Here's his Star Wars collection"
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch"
"the_donald"	"Gavin McInnes: Feminism Kills Women"
"pics"	"This is pic of my dad from 1971. I posted it earlier on /r/oldschoolcool but somebody told to ask for its restoration in this sub reddit. Can someone help?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of history's coolest artifacts?"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Who do you think that the DNC should run/focus their efforts on for the US presidential in 2020?"
"the_donald"	"James R Clapper delivers a shocking revelation during today's testimony"
"the_donald"	"Finally just figured out why James Clapper looks so familiar!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are the steps yoi use to solve any kind of problem?"
"askreddit"	"Ask me a question and edit it after I answer. What's the worst you can come up with?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE DIED FOR OUR SINS."
"askreddit"	"What is a NSFW historical fact that is not taught in school?"
"askreddit"	"Graphic designers, what font would you want your gravestone to be in?"
"askreddit"	"Realtors in middle class areas, how much do you make?"
"the_donald"	"On Net Neutrality."
"the_donald"	"Le Penn has lost but the battle is not over!!!!!!!!!"
"pics"	"LOTR meets Lassen national park"
"pics"	"This is so strange, its the lunch rush at McDonald's but theres not a soul around"
"askreddit"	"why are some mixed race girls crazy?"
"askreddit"	"People who believed in Santa a little too long. What was your reaction when you found out?"
"the_donald"	"I went to school with my MAGA hat on and well it was interesting. PT1"
"pics"	"one day your step will be vanish from this world."
"askreddit"	"If life was a game what would be in the free trial/demo?"
"askreddit"	"What profession exists only because people suck?"
"the_donald"	"And if turds were hamburgers then I would have eaten a turd yesterday"
"funny"	"Why does every damn job require a rectal examination?"
"funny"	"Spotted on Bench in Central Park"
"askreddit"	"A Nigerian prince asks you to be his princess, what do you do?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time and warn your past self against doing something that you deeply regret now, what would it be and why?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"the_donald"	"Cheap whores: CLAPPER: Unclassified is not a leak."
"askreddit"	"If you were goku, what the first thing you would do?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS! Macron releases new flag design for France after his win."
"the_donald"	"Monty Python Predicted Tumblr Liberal Feminists"
"the_donald"	"Al Jazeera producer says Muslims don't worship Muhammad... HAHAHAHAHA"
"the_donald"	"Dems are setting a standard they can't live up to w the Senate Russia hearings. Ok 1. Flynn was paid to give a speech 2. He was positioning himself to lobby. Fine, let's use the same standard for Obama and Clinton staff, admin, campaign, and donors. Hummmm."
"the_donald"	"It was articles, such as this, which delivered us the election."
"the_donald"	"#IslamExplained"
"askreddit"	"What's the most unreasonable instance you can recall that your SO has ever been with you?"
"gaming"	"Just another amusing Fallout 4 Montage... Let's Twist"
"the_donald"	"Hypocrite Reminder: Senator \"Leaky Leahy\" admitted to leaking a report to the media about the Iran Contra Affair in 1987"
"the_donald"	"MAGA"
"askreddit"	"[serious] I have social anxiety and not knowing what to say makes it so much worse, what are some great conversation starters?"
"askreddit"	"Which platform do you like more for Reddit, mobile, or desktop?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If someone accidentally killed your family (due to some form of negligence) and you could seek revenge anyway you wanted without getting caught, what would you do?"
"askreddit"	"What you expect from tomorrow ?"
"the_donald"	"Third wave feminism is cancer."
"the_donald"	"#IslamExplained"
"askreddit"	"What's a good colledge to attend if you would like to be a heart surgeon?"
"askreddit"	"Which family member does everyone avoid at your family functions? What do you really want to tell them?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If Cheese was sentient. What personality traits would each cheese have?"
"askreddit"	"What are some thing that are odd to do alone but completely fine to do with other people?"
"funny"	"Who needs to go to the games!"
"the_donald"	"#IslamExplained"
"the_donald"	"Tonight on CNN w/Don Lemon although James Clapper proves the President correct about Obama Spying on his campaign we will not discuss this as it will look poorly upon our beloved Obama ok...so now let's talk Russian Collusion"
"askreddit"	"Somewhat Socially Fluent People of Reddit, What is Your Best Dating Advice?"
"funny"	"Denali Wilderness - Land of A**holes"
"askreddit"	"Which online florist offers the best deals?"
"the_donald"	"#IslamExplained meme blank. ~ Enjoy!"
"the_donald"	"Anyone else notice that Yates keeps looking at the Chair or Whitehouse for approval- noticed it at least 5 times immediate after she answered"
"the_donald"	"According to Sally Yates' testimony today, if General Flynn was so compromised and susceptible to blackmail... THEN WHY DIDN'T THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION YANK HIS CLEARANCE AND FILE CHARGES.... Oh, wait, because it's fake news..."
"askreddit"	"Who Is That Girl?"
"askreddit"	"What was the closest you were to dying?"
"the_donald"	"Waitress Refuses to Serve Drinks to Trump Supporters, Gets Fired"
"the_donald"	"Fellow 'pedes! I need some help getting this to the FP on Imgur. the cucks are keeping it in usersub"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit you liked but left because of the nasty userbase?"
"funny"	"I think my cat is contemplating killing me."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How can you be a great Bridesmaid/Groomsman?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most expensive thing did you end up buying because you didn't understand the salesperson?"
"askreddit"	"What are some cool, long words?"
"askreddit"	"What are some \"pet names\" for your pets' name?"
"askreddit"	"Which is that one movie or movies that you get never tired of watching?"
"askreddit"	"Did you crush on your best friend that you found later was gay? If so, how was that experience?"
"pics"	"Sunset 45,000 feet over the Gulf of Mexico."
"askreddit"	"What's something that's morally wrong but perfectly legal?"
"askreddit"	"If an alien came to earth disguised as a human and asked you to help it blend into society. What are some tips you'd give it/how would you help it?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest plot twist in history?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Whats the scariest/disturbing thing ever to happen to you or someone you know?"
"the_donald"	"EURO POUNDING! Macron Effect Fails To Materialise As French Banks and Euro Plummets"
"the_donald"	"Why is based GOWDY SITTING IN THE MIDDLE OF CONGRESS WITH HEADPHONES ON IN FRONT OF A MACBOOK , rather than ask YATES AND THE CLAP some tough fucking questions ?! IS HE READING THE WIKILEAKS ?! Or is he LURKING T_D?"
"the_donald"	"ELI5: How can the left be 'triggered' all the time when they hate guns?"
"askreddit"	"What's an odd skill or ability you've developed due to your job?"
"askreddit"	"In your opinion what's the most underrated thing ever?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What are things you see in cartoon shows that would be looked down upon in real life?"
"the_donald"	"How appropriate. Happy VE Day."
"funny"	"Friend keeping the new Duncan Donut's coffee blend in locker"
"the_donald"	"Yates sub committee mega thread"
"pics"	"NoPhotoshop"
"the_donald"	"Leaky HEALY urinating in his pants following Muslim's teaching"
"the_donald"	"Traveling To Kekistan - To Locate The Long Lost Civilization Of KEK In ..."
"askreddit"	"Redditors over the age of 30 who live with your parents, what went wrong?"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddit you hate the most, and why?"
"the_donald"	"I know this image has been seen a lot lately; but there's no such thing as too much redpilling"
"pics"	"The walk home from work isn't so bad."
"the_donald"	"Introducing the new Furhress of the German colony of France."
"the_donald"	"Dr. Pieczenik Says Counter Revolution Taking Place Inside White House to Silence Alt-Right | Zero Hedge"
"askreddit"	"How popular was your first post on reddit? Were you surprised?"
"the_donald"	"Real show of Hypocrisy"
"pics"	"A cancerous Cutie mandarin."
"askreddit"	"How do you picture yourself in ten years?"
"funny"	"John Popper's @ Kroger"
"worldnews"	"North Korea is claiming to be the victim of state sponsored terrorism"
"gaming"	"Fuck me for playing on pc right?"
"askreddit"	"What were the most loving words you've ever heard anyone say?"
"pics"	"Im getting excited for The Dark Tower movie. Here is my Dark Tower gun belt."
"askreddit"	"What was the shortest-lived fad in history?"
"askreddit"	"What isn't a word but looks like it should be?"
"the_donald"	"I went behind enemy lines and found the most pathetic \"explanation\" of why we are all Fascists..."
"pics"	"My cat with a bow tie, and snapchats art filter"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the petty annoyances that happen in Hell?"
"the_donald"	"VIDEO: Nancy Pelosi is becoming our number one voice for TERM LIMITS - Her stuttering, drunken speech yesterday is eye opening!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the best thing about where you live?"
"funny"	"Ah! I see you have overestimated my will power."
"funny"	"When you're on a diet, everything looks like Cinnabon"
"funny"	"The shovel throw heard round the world"
"funny"	"how starbucks became starbucks .."
"funny"	"I don't even know how UPS does this?"
"gaming"	"OwO What's switch?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates"
"the_donald"	"Netflix Refuses to Air \"The Red Pill\" Documentary, But Progressive Propaganda is A-OK"
"the_donald"	"The entire liberal movement should be subjected to Civil Commitment"
"funny"	"CHRIS P. BACON OR CRISPY BACON????"
"pics"	"Happy little piece of driftwood I found on the beach today"
"pics"	"rails: it is a Lightroom edit of a photo i took"
"askreddit"	"Who would win if the leaders of every country fought, Hunger Games style?"
"askreddit"	"What's your experience with being catfished?"
"the_donald"	"The first reply to one of our President's most recent tweets is a poll asking if we trust him. I do. Do you?"
"pics"	"So my uncle built and lives in his very own hobbit house"
"askreddit"	"What is a company or product that would be perfect if not for the terrible customer service associated with it?"
"pics"	"This poster my friend made."
"askreddit"	"What is the best anniversary gift you have received?"
"funny"	"we all have those friends that know your weaknesses"
"askreddit"	"6. How do I NOT DO what I WANT to do and DO what I DON’T WANT to do?"
"askreddit"	"Where is the weird kid in your school now?"
"askreddit"	"What's that thing that someone can do to have you lose all respect for them?"
"the_donald"	"Can you CUCKS quit whining? We are here to MAGA, not MFGA. Our purpose was, is, and will be to support Donald Trump (cue: autistic screeching) and keep him in check. We tried helping France, and they didn't want it. FORGET them. AMERICA is our TOP and ONLY priority. It always has been and will be."
"askreddit"	"Is it safe to trust a prostitute from Craigslist why or why not?"
"the_donald"	"So what happened with Sally Yates earlier?"
"askreddit"	"How do you NOT DO what you WANT to do and DO what you DON’T WANT to do?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] When have you justified stealing something?"
"askreddit"	"Are you tired of being charged \"convenience fees\" when paying a company for services?"
"askreddit"	"Why did Madona take an oath with the Dark Overlord C'Thulu?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates Testifying to Senate about Russian Interference"
"pics"	"Spotted outside a Boston burger joint. Short, sweet, and to the point!"
"pics"	"Newborn horse hooves"
"askreddit"	"What is the poorest you've ever been?"
"the_donald"	"Senator Al Franken is a joke."
"the_donald"	"Rand Paul: Obama may have spied on me, other lawmakers using NSA intercepts"
"the_donald"	"The UN-AMERICAN, REGRESSIVE LEFT is now mocking the founding fathers and fallen veterans! Incredible!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Infertile people of Reddit, what did it feel like when you learned you couldn't procreate?"
"funny"	"😂"
"gaming"	"Protect Net Neutrality, protect gaming."
"the_donald"	"Lady loses HER SHIT when surrounded by white males at May Day, Seattle."
"the_donald"	"So since when in the Fuck does making an appearance on RT and sitting next to VLAD at an anniversary dinner qualify you as a fucking Russian agent ?"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper and #SallyYates REFUSE to say why Flynn, and probably others, were unmasked. Because there was NO national security reason."
"askreddit"	"Roughly how much would an iphone 7s cost with an available upgrade with AT&amp;T?"
"askreddit"	"What is a secret that would ruin you if your friends would know about it?"
"askreddit"	"What are some uniquely American things about the USA?"
"askreddit"	"What is the scariest gaming moment you've had?"
"askreddit"	"What is a question you have about sex that you would like answered once and for all?"
"the_donald"	"awoo"
"pics"	"I pressed start on a stop watch on accident and even after I closed the app it's been going ever since.."
"gaming"	"Timefire is recruiting Alpha Testers for their Virtual World \"Hypatia\""
"the_donald"	"Oral Argument No. 17-1351: Int'l Refugee Asst. Proj. v. Trump (Travel Ban 2, 4th Court of Appeals, Virginia, North &amp; South Carolina, West Virgina, and Maryland)"
"pics"	"My son found this in the yard ! Anyone know what it is?"
"askreddit"	"Which word/words in a foreign language have you been mispronouncing?"
"pics"	"This is the best picture I took this past weekend at Carolina Rebellion."
"the_donald"	"Facebook is a spy machine."
"askreddit"	"What have you wanted to share, but never found the right place/thread?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are the steps you use to solve any problem?"
"askreddit"	"An alien race comes to Earth with a device that shows humanity what really happened on that certain day. What event in human history would you ask them to show you?"
"the_donald"	"Are these asshats really using family as a way to argue against the travel ban? These mofos will use anyone to further their agenda."
"the_donald"	"Banned from /r/history for saying FDR was a cuck"
"askreddit"	"What is some good advice or tips for travelling alone?"
"askreddit"	"What foods do you have no self-control with?"
"funny"	"Taco Tuesday at Stoney's"
"funny"	"Absolute Perfection"
"askreddit"	"Why does milk smell sweet when boiling it but not before?"
"the_donald"	"Google Changes definition of “Fascism” to smear conservatives"
"pics"	"Beautiful village in the mountains of France [OC]"
"pics"	"My trip to the proctologist today... wasn't a good day :("
"askreddit"	"What was different after you lost your virginity?"
"askreddit"	"What's your go to response?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite uplifting poem or phrase?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most frightening Youtube video you have ever come across?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite language and why?"
"askreddit"	"What important things about finance should everyone know, regardless of their profession?"
"funny"	"\"Vive la France!\""
"gaming"	"'Dragon Quest XI' Has Dominated The Japanese Amazon Charts For A Month"
"pics"	"My girlfriend was so proud of the ants she killed in her apartment today, she sent me this picture and a text that said \"BLOODBATH MUAHAHA.\" I love her but she scares the hell out of me sometimes"
"askreddit"	"Good or bad, what event occurred in your life that you have never told anyone to this day?"
"askreddit"	"What is the name for a phenomenon where you go through a phase of obsession of a certain band/game/TV show/etc.. and suddenly lose interest a few weeks later?"
"the_donald"	"Never link to Facebook."
"the_donald"	"In the future..."
"askreddit"	"What is your to go question to kill awkward silence?"
"the_donald"	"Al Franken. Senator. Idiot."
"the_donald"	"Obamas legacy - Dead Pepe - Not Dead"
"askreddit"	"What's the most expensive thing you bought because you didn't understand the salesperson?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless hobby in the world?"
"askreddit"	"[nsfw] What's the best way to make the Front Page?"
"the_donald"	"Help me understand something. Hillary knew Huma was sending classified info to her pedophile husbands laptop for him to print out at their home and Senator Al Franken is upset that Trump didn't revoke General Flynn's security clearance because he shouldn't have access to classified info?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you think of every time something specific happens?"
"funny"	"Neil deGrasse Hopper"
"worldnews"	"You can earn Bitcoins playing on this FREE and above all.. NEW! football website. Join me now!"
"the_donald"	"Watching the hearings today with Clapper and Yates. The Democraps aren't interested in finding the truth, they are only interested in making up stories to tell their narrative."
"the_donald"	"Regarding this Yates/Clapper hearing, I have questions/comments."
"pics"	"Types of Joker"
"askreddit"	"What is the story about a fight you were in?"
"programming"	"Arrays and the CLR - a Very Special Relationship"
"askreddit"	"If you had to describe colour to a blind person, how would you describe it?"
"askreddit"	"Which word/words in a foreign language have you been mispronouncing?"
"worldnews"	"Nun arrested for 'helping five priests rape deaf children'"
"the_donald"	"It’s Not Just CNN: Now ABC, CBS and NBC All Refuse to Run Trump Re-election Campaign Ad That Correctly Identifies Them as ‘Fake News’"
"the_donald"	"Al Franken's bit right now in front of congress is the funniest he's ever been"
"askreddit"	"If you had stats like an rpg character that were representative of yourself, what would they look like?"
"funny"	"First post attempt"
"askreddit"	"What are some ways to put yourself out there if you want to be an actor but don't know how to get started?"
"askreddit"	"what are some negative effects from the emergence of social media?"
"askreddit"	"What are some examples of \"1 guy screwing it up for the rest of us\" in history?"
"askreddit"	"Which word/words in a foreign language have you been mispronouncing or writing wrong the whole time?"
"the_donald"	"'Part of our daily lives'.. so its like a French culture or something you mean?"
"pics"	":-/"
"the_donald"	"RIP France"
"the_donald"	"TFW when cucks come here to troll but accidentally get red pilled instead"
"the_donald"	"Al Franken: 'I am putting together a puzzle people! i need your help making $hit up that fits my maybe narrative'"
"askreddit"	"What are your best wedding stories?"
"the_donald"	"On the menu all over France: salty pepes"
"askreddit"	"Ambitious Redditors, what's your dream and why are you chasing it?"
"askreddit"	"People who have played a song for someone instead of using their own words, what was the song and how did it go?"
"askreddit"	"How much penis is too much penis?"
"the_donald"	"Al Franken"
"askreddit"	"Where have you met your former and/or current love?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst way you saw a guy try to steal someone's girlfriend?"
"the_donald"	"Exactly."
"the_donald"	"Tfw you want to make more money than a lifeguard but all you do is flip burgers and your boss replaces you with a machine to save money"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most famous person from your hometown?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] [SERIOUS] Redditors who masturbate with other people, how did you get started, and what is it like?"
"askreddit"	"Prostitutes (or former) of Reddit, what is the scariest thing that has happened to you while working?"
"funny"	"Oh."
"funny"	"No one brings it like Gaston"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, why is Vin Diesel the greatest actor of our generation?"
"pics"	"Photo taken in London in front of parliament"
"askreddit"	"What's the stupidest thing you've done as a child, and why did you do it?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what are some extremely under rated subreddits that are actually quite interesting?"
"the_donald"	"I was like whaaaaat."
"the_donald"	"Hey BLM and leftists: You want us to not \"appropriate\" your cultural models and inventions? Fine, then you aren't allowed to enjoy ours either. (We call it a civilized society)"
"the_donald"	"THE LIBS TRYING TO GET THIS SUBREDDIT SHUT DOWN AND DISMISS US AS A HATE GROUP! WE MUST COME TOGETHER TO NOT ONLY DEFEND OUR HONOR, BUT OUR FREEDOM TO EXPRESS OURSELVES. LETS GO FELLOW PEDES. WE CANNOT ALLOW THIS!!!!!!!!!!!1"
"the_donald"	"' Sources' tell us: The most triggering image in the history of Reddit has been unmasked. 'Experts' agree."
"askreddit"	"If you had to make a \"Click-Bait\" article, what would your title be?"
"the_donald"	"Racist Pool Party Attack on Elderly White Woman Being Investigated by Broward County Sheriff’s Office in Florida"
"askreddit"	"People who have applied \"The best revenge is to become successful in life\", what is your story?"
"the_donald"	"Hm, interesting. When the left loses a democratic election they pout, throw fits, march and riot. When the right wing loses, it seems as if they just.. accept it and move on? Amazing. Is this why they have so many advocating for communism?"
"the_donald"	"✌️👌There Are Only Two Genders✌️👌"
"askreddit"	"Solicitors of Reddit, what weird stuff do people do in order to get you off their lawn?"
"askreddit"	"What is the least intelligible English dialect to a transatlantic-dialect English speaker?"
"askreddit"	"What is a word/words that you always spell wrong no matter what?"
"askreddit"	"What person has received the least credit for doing the most good?"
"funny"	"I need one of these when I go to a 3rd world country"
"pics"	"Dags"
"askreddit"	"What Michael Scott esque thing has your boss done?"
"askreddit"	"What have you found in your parents' room that you wish you never saw?"
"funny"	"Talkback matters"
"funny"	"It took me a second"
"the_donald"	"This 'Hearing' is complete bullshit. Apparently lying to the FBI is not a crime that Democrats want to prosecute."
"the_donald"	"Travel ban Judges are traitors to the United States"
"askreddit"	"What has the opposite effect on you?"
"the_donald"	"How I feel as a member of Generation Z"
"askreddit"	"Hairdressers of reddit, what are your \"I've ruined this person's hair\" stories?"
"the_donald"	"Has France Just Crossed The Rubicon?"
"gaming"	"The only True way to get to Azsuna"
"askreddit"	"Reditors who aren't wealthy but just have just enough incoming/saved that you don't have to work, what's life like?"
"askreddit"	"Bouncers/doormen of Reddit, what is the most interesting encounter you have had with a patron?"
"askreddit"	"Which celebrity would you like to cuddle with?"
"askreddit"	"What are some clever names for an Aerial (Drone) Photography business?"
"funny"	"Just found this gem"
"the_donald"	"MFW it is unmasked that the REAL ELECTION INTERFERENCE operative was ME!"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest regret?"
"askreddit"	"What everyday item would be a huge inconvenience for you to go without?"
"askreddit"	"How would you describe the following formats of communicating on your device?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Hey Excel masters of reddit, what is the best thing to use Excel for that most people don't know about?"
"funny"	"Suspicious Doggo"
"askreddit"	"whats something you and your parents will never argee on?"
"the_donald"	"Bannon 'Not a Racist or Anti-Semitic,' Says Liberal Former Hollywood Partner"
"the_donald"	"*takes a deep breath*"
"askreddit"	"What had you repressed from your childhood?"
"funny"	"So That's Where They Come From!"
"askreddit"	"What is your ideal grilled cheese/melt?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's your opinion on romanticism?"
"askreddit"	"A girl in my office spends half her time looking at me when speaking to others, does she fancy me?"
"the_donald"	"God Emperor's spin on the Bible"
"askreddit"	"What's an inside joke that everyone should know?"
"worldnews"	"Syria’s Kurds march on to Raqqa and the sea -- Kurdish expansion plans putting the group on a collision course with neighbouring Turkey"
"the_donald"	"Senator Blumenthal is trying really hard to get an \"Independent\" Council to investigate so that can frame Donald Trump for something to impeach him on."
"the_donald"	"Meme Magic and Time Travel 100% confirmed: Pepe has been with Donald from the beginning and will be forever."
"askreddit"	"If you could bestow upon any person (who is or will be alive) five things (intangible or tangible, beneficial or detrimental), who would you choose and what would you give?"
"the_donald"	"Senator Dick \"Stolen Valor\" Blumenthal asking the tough questions... Here's the Failing NYT own story about Tricky Dick..."
"the_donald"	"Dr. Dave Janda is high energy. #BendTheKneeNIH"
"askreddit"	"Now that it's summer and we have a lot of free time, what show do you recommend?"
"funny"	"I'm Scorpio... how about you?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]People who \"beat\" depression, how did you do it and how are you now?"
"askreddit"	"Why is your self-esteem high or low?"
"the_donald"	"Mr. Soros, leave us alone and die in hell."
"the_donald"	"T_D is happy Macron won. We can't stand another 2 million cuckolds, feminazis and ISIS lookalikes protesting with pussyhats, while burning and destroying stuff tax payers pay for."
"the_donald"	"Doge comforts Isis Sex Slave."
"pics"	"Me and my borthers. Celebrating new year"
"worldnews"	"Colossal Pedophile Ring Busted, 900 Arrests, 300 Kids Saved — Corporate Media Ignores It"
"the_donald"	"The MUST HAVE ITEM if you're traveling to Europe!!"
"pics"	"I thought the view of the storm from my office window was pretty neat."
"pics"	"My mum tried to ring me in lesson....."
"the_donald"	"Based Asian-Americans aren't the only ones..."
"the_donald"	"WATCH: Muslim Rape Gang Leaves Court, Horror When They See Who’s Outside"
"the_donald"	"We must put Pepe's murderer to justice."
"askreddit"	"Men how much do you relate to this quote?"
"the_donald"	"Soon to be Paris"
"the_donald"	"This is a legitimate Shutterstock image, and it is awesome"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst movie your favorite actor has appeared in?"
"askreddit"	"What is your hobby and why is it better than other, similar hobbies?"
"askreddit"	"Spartacus fans/DBZ fans of Reddit, what similarities do you see between Vegeta and Crixus?"
"gaming"	"Videogame topic tatoo."
"the_donald"	"Ted Cruz Grills Sally Yates For Refusing To Defend Travel ban Executive Order 5/8/17"
"askreddit"	"People who've recently googled their symptoms, what terminal illness do you have?"
"askreddit"	"On your highest record , how many time had you try to make something before you succeed to make it ? And what were you trying to make ?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest out of body experience you ever had?"
"askreddit"	"What movie would've been great if one of it's scenes were to change?"
"askreddit"	"What completely unreasonable thing would you do if you won the mega millions?"
"the_donald"	"Religion of Peace claims life of DE Police Officer but MSM covers up the truth"
"pics"	"Jesco \"The Dancing Outlaw\" White and I. 2003"
"askreddit"	"Is /r/gentlemanboners used for astroturfing models careers ? If not, why is there such a disproportionate amount of Gal Gadot posts in the last months, when these receive on average far less upvotes than Jennifer Lawrence, Scarlett Johanson, and the other 8 or 10 sweethearts of that sub ?"
"askreddit"	"Who is your favorite one-hit wonder and what was their hit?"
"funny"	"I need mah glasses!"
"the_donald"	"The rare Pepe LORDKEK was sold for $6300 and thereby now the highest valued ever exchanged!"
"the_donald"	"Let's PLAY A DRINKING GAME NEXT TIME THERE IS A HEARING Take a sip or a hit from the bong every time someone says Russia"
"askreddit"	"Which is the hardest game that you have ever played?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have taken the life of another human being. Why did you do it? How did it feel? What were the repercussions?"
"askreddit"	"What is a product that we all need but just don't know it yet?"
"askreddit"	"What's something that someone does that instantly changes your opinion on them?"
"gaming"	"Best Singleplayer Jedi Academy mods?"
"pics"	"Located near Salisbury, England, this megalithic structure is over 3,000 years old, and its stones come all the way from Wales"
"askreddit"	"What's your most favorite sarcastic response in your conversation arsenal?"
"askreddit"	"How did you lose your virginity?"
"gaming"	"this is what happens when 2 idiots play 1 game"
"the_donald"	"She's a keeper"
"askreddit"	"So confused with my life at 24, what do?"
"askreddit"	"You are the last person on earth. What do you do?"
"funny"	"You work retail?"
"askreddit"	"What joke did you come across that took you WAY too long to finally get?"
"askreddit"	"Phone Prank"
"askreddit"	"What's the most normal way you've broken up with someone?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what do you do daily that leaves you feeling fulfilled?"
"the_donald"	"We are being brigaded, man your stations!!!"
"askreddit"	"Is it possible to stop collusion in universities? If so, how can it be done?"
"the_donald"	"Next time I go to France I am gonna hire black water merc"
"askreddit"	"What's the most ironic part of your life?"
"askreddit"	"Garbagemen of Reddit, what is your most entertaining work story?"
"askreddit"	"Doctors of Reddit have any of you done a testicular exam and actually found that someone had testicular cancer?"
"funny"	"Nessie makes an appearance in Wisconsin"
"the_donald"	"Top Malaysian ISIL operative killed in Syria"
"pics"	"No one at my office rides"
"askreddit"	"What's the brokest you've ever been?"
"worldnews"	"Congo-Kinshasa: Ethinic Clashes, Kidnappings Worsen DRC Woes"
"programming"	"Mac users installing popular DVD ripper get nasty backdoor instead"
"the_donald"	"Front page post trying to ban The_Donald for hate speech is against everything America stands for. Slowly this country is grinding its way towards vanilla speech for everyone. Makes me sick."
"worldnews"	"See What Trump Twitted for Yates"
"the_donald"	"Trump Voter Feels Betrayed By President After Reading 800 Pages Of Queer Feminist Theory"
"the_donald"	"So Flynn gets $33,000 from RT, and Hillary gets $12 million from the King of Morocco, but it's the Trump Admin who is controlled by a foreign government?"
"askreddit"	"People who have \"PM_Me_...\" Usernames, how often do you get PMs and what's the best example you have?"
"funny"	"Paul added an eye"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to respond to the Christians with loud speakers and \"repent\" signs at marches and crowded events?"
"askreddit"	"If you could be invisible for one day, what would you do?"
"pics"	"Where the antelope roam."
"askreddit"	"What was a lot different than you expected?"
"askreddit"	"What question would I ask to make it to the front page of Reddit?"
"programming"	"Just a guy programming"
"the_donald"	"SHUT THE FUCK UP SHILLS"
"the_donald"	"The_Donald is a subreddit of peace!"
"pics"	"In bulk??"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is funniest thing you've ever witnessed in a public washroom?"
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest thing you have said today?"
"askreddit"	"(Possibly NSFW) Parents of Reddit, how did your kid turn out (expectations vs reality)?"
"askreddit"	"What made you question your sexuality?"
"the_donald"	"Incredible"
"pics"	"My son found this in the yard.?"
"pics"	"Embroidered this for Mental Health Awareness Month"
"askreddit"	"TSA workers of Reddit: what's the craziest thing you've seen someone try to get through airline security?"
"askreddit"	"If Tristan de Cunha was wiped from the planet, how long do you think it would take for us to notice?"
"the_donald"	"There was so much concern about General Flynn last year that the Obama administration chose to take no action at all."
"pics"	"embarrassing creatures"
"askreddit"	"Do you want a better world?"
"askreddit"	"What were the unnoticed comments that were later edited and suddenly blew up + gilded?"
"askreddit"	"What's the appeal with this Dan Bilzerian idiot?"
"the_donald"	"Listen, and understand. Pepe is out there. He can’t be bargained with. He can’t be reasoned with. He doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And He absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are memed."
"askreddit"	"what kinda of musical artist requires the least talent?"
"askreddit"	"What is the oldest melody known to man?"
"askreddit"	"Why do girls stare when l'm out in public?"
"gaming"	"DJ Khaled - I'm the One ft. Justin Bieber ~ Overwatch Cover"
"askreddit"	"What're the best bad tribute band names you can come up with?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favourite sport? Why?"
"worldnews"	"Peace Talks Between USA and North Korea May Be Held in Norway"
"the_donald"	"THE WORLD IS CUCKED."
"the_donald"	"Real Music"
"pics"	"Healthcare in Europe."
"askreddit"	"In a fight between Ethan Hunt, James Bond, and Jason Bourne who would be victorious?"
"askreddit"	"French people of Reddit, what should we know about French politics?"
"askreddit"	"What works one way but not the other?"
"gaming"	"Watch dogs 2, how to get in to the stadium, the fun way!"
"the_donald"	"The Left Hates Everything But The Perverse"
"askreddit"	"What is your restaurant horror story?"
"askreddit"	"Pizza enthusiasts of Reddit, what is the best pizza you ever had?"
"the_donald"	"Google fears the red pill! Censoring search for T_D by suggesting cucked sub of the same name with few subscribers."
"askreddit"	"(Serious) What loved hobby of yours have you left behind? Why?"
"the_donald"	"ELI5 How can James Clapper testify under oath in Congress today and not be reminded at least once that he lied under oath in Congress in previous testimony?"
"the_donald"	"Post your rarest pepe"
"pics"	"Homelessness, it's a lifestyle in America"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the worst sport of all time and why?"
"funny"	"Oh no..."
"funny"	"You. Switch. Seats."
"pics"	"Inspired by an old reddit post. I started feeding bar nuts to these crows that are regural to the patio of a bar I work at. My collection of gifts finally started after 3 months."
"askreddit"	"Who is the best anti-hero?"
"funny"	"Megan Fox 2.0"
"the_donald"	"Senator Kennedy GRILLS Sally Yates On Travel Ban During Today's Hearing - \"Who Appointed You To The United States Supreme Court?\" WOW!"
"pics"	"Toddler found leashed to NYC lamppost"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Divorced redditors, what told you it was time to have a parting of the ways?"
"worldnews"	"North Korea: USA create elite spy unit to infiltrate the Kindom"
"programming"	"Travis CI Security Advisory: Secure environment variables visible in build logs"
"askreddit"	"People of reddit with weird jobs what is it you do?"
"askreddit"	"Now that school is wrapping up, what are some things one could do over the summer to become a better person overall?"
"funny"	"That's really good to know Janet"
"the_donald"	"REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!"
"askreddit"	"Memers of Reddit, what is a clear sign that someone is a normal?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest intrusive thought that popped into your head?"
"askreddit"	"What was one of the most difficult decisions of your life so far?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit and 4chan go to war. Who wins?"
"askreddit"	"How was the first time you had sex, honestly?"
"funny"	"These paperclips look a bit strange to you?"
"the_donald"	"Horrifying video shows refugees attacking female Italian reporter live on air"
"funny"	"What kind of creepy demon lemon is this?!"
"funny"	"Video Dating a Gamer"
"the_donald"	"assange gets spicy"
"pics"	"Our feral cat \"Lynx\" enjoying the sun and flowers."
"askreddit"	"You now have the abilities of the last video game character you played as. What are you going to do with them?"
"askreddit"	"What's it like living with someone from PETA, JW or other strongly opinionated people?"
"the_donald"	"Shitposting the Legislative Branch"
"askreddit"	"Why aren't you doing what you should be doing?"
"askreddit"	"What Local Multiplayer Coop Games Would Be Fun To Play With My 4yo On Our YouTube Channel?"
"askreddit"	"Favorite T.V show that's cancelled?"
"askreddit"	"What is your 'then they turned crazy' dating story?"
"gaming"	"2K just announced that along side the standard and gold edition of 2K18, they will also release the new Big Baller Brand edition!! Only $500 a copy. Preorders available now!!"
"askreddit"	"Genie in a dildo offers you any wish, what is it?"
"gaming"	"Mass Effect: Andromeda leaked Alpha footage vs Final cut"
"askreddit"	"What would be possible if people weren't such dicks?"
"funny"	"&lt;Grin&gt;"
"the_donald"	"Sorry pedes. Not concern troll. But we have to look climate change squarely in the face. Consider the news out of the arctic."
"askreddit"	"How do you deal with people in your life that you don’t like?"
"askreddit"	"In what situation has anyone metaphorically (or literally) taken a bullet for you?"
"funny"	"Cap taking some dick from Iron Man"
"askreddit"	"What do you have to KEEP telling that one person who just doesn't get it?"
"askreddit"	"People in relationships. Would you/ would you let your significant other sleep with a stranger one time for a large sum of money? Why/ Why not?"
"the_donald"	"MEET THE NEW MASCOT FOR THE \"TOLERANT\" LEFT!"
"askreddit"	"Compared to the TV show 'The Office' what is your workplace environment like?"
"askreddit"	"Which kind of holiday would you recommend others?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best action scenes of the 21st century so far?"
"the_donald"	"Figured my based shirt would get love here about the current state of Chicago!"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite part of your day?"
"askreddit"	"If you were guaranteed the correct answer to one question, what would you ask?"
"funny"	"The Missing Link Episode 2 (Part 1) - A British comedy podcast where you delight in the absurdity of the comedians and the world they examine."
"the_donald"	"A room full of Zeroes (Japanese fighter jet)"
"askreddit"	"What's the Scariest Thing That Happened to You That Turned Out to be Something Hamless?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who murdered or know someone who murdered, what was your (their) reason?"
"askreddit"	"What TV show or movie best depicts the America that you know, be it your city, state, neighbourhood or region?"
"funny"	"Hide the Snacks!"
"askreddit"	"Considering there is a wide variety of genres, what turns people off from anime-styled entertainment?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's your biggest mindfuck?"
"the_donald"	"Dear Redditor sniffing through my post history because a comment of mine on something political indicates you and I share a difference of opinion"
"askreddit"	"Reddita, if the friend tell you to be the quiet in the beds, what is the sayings?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best songs for the morning commute?"
"funny"	"Cat vs. plastic"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most under-rated actor of recent memory?"
"funny"	"DON'T DRINK IT."
"gaming"	"Horizon Zero Dawn - Realistic Graphics Snow Area"
"pics"	"Reddit Help needed: Egg identification"
"funny"	"On the roadway ahead of us."
"the_donald"	"Italian news anchor does report on refugees sleeping situation and gets violently assaulted while on air"
"askreddit"	"What is the written sentence you're most proud of?"
"funny"	"Google will always be there for you when you forget that persons name"
"askreddit"	"How would today's europe look like if it had been islamic instead of christian for the last thousamd years. How would this affect the society?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest thing to do when picking up a sales pitch spam call?"
"funny"	"Walmart will single-handedly put dentistry into a tailspin"
"askreddit"	"What chance did you fuck up and miss?"
"askreddit"	"Delivery drivers: what's the strangest or most inappropriate thing you have seen when the person opened the door?"
"gaming"	"[Prey] Finding your true self."
"the_donald"	"Does this sub think climate change is false?"
"the_donald"	"THE DONALD IS RAYYSIISSTTT!!!"
"funny"	"WTFFFFFFF"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Ladies, why do you shave your legs and/or armpits?"
"the_donald"	"Shower thought: What if the German elite still hate the Jews"
"pics"	"Tiger's Eye sphere"
"pics"	"That's a really cool helmet as well."
"askreddit"	"What's the worst experience you've ever had in a movie theater?"
"pics"	"Walking home after a hard day at work.."
"the_donald"	"LINDSEY GRAHAM JUST HALF-ass ASKED WHO UNMASKED GEN FLYNN FOR YOU MR PRESIDENT ! But the truth is he already knows and didn't pursue it hard enough , like the traitor he fucking is ."
"askreddit"	"What was the most inappropriate time you've developed a crush on someone?"
"askreddit"	"What is the nicest thing you ever did for someone?"
"funny"	"When you read it [typo]."
"the_donald"	"POTUS is launching a new product in Mexico. All proceeds go to building the wall. #makethempay"
"the_donald"	"I always put having kids off till I was ready. Now in my late 20s I finally have my own home and a good career and feel ready. But I can't in good conscience let my children go to public school and don't make enough for private school."
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you do?"
"askreddit"	"What are some cheap holiday destinations in Europe perfect for 17 year olds?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useful Star Wars fact you know?"
"funny"	"Don't wanna catch all the STDs!"
"funny"	"\"I checked EVERYWHERE!\""
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What is the best thing you can do to make life easier for someone close to you who has cancer?"
"funny"	"How to determine the sex of your Cantaloupe"
"the_donald"	"Saw these today... Edited for winning!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe lives!"
"pics"	"Accidentally, the best picture I've ever taken."
"gaming"	"When You Install A Cheap POwer Supply Unit in your Personal Computer"
"the_donald"	"Ice age to freeze Britain thanks to climate change on 'this date' in 3 years!"
"the_donald"	"REDDIT-CUCKS ARE AGAINST HATE SUBREDDITS. WE ONLY HATE PEDOPHILIA."
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what is the closest you've come to dying?"
"funny"	"Dooka no fry"
"the_donald"	"We still support our French Pedes, don't we fellows?? YOU WORKED HARD! v. still love you."
"askreddit"	"Here is for reddit's typists to show off: What is your WPM?"
"gaming"	"Tips for gaming with a painful arm."
"pics"	"We just watched a bird get knocked out of the sky by this hail we're getting in Denver right now..."
"pics"	"Denver hail with banana for scale"
"pics"	"This is called a Granadilla or another variation of \"Passion Fruit\". It's amazing."
"the_donald"	"We are going to have to dust off #DraftOurDaughters to get ahead of the oncoming Europe Civil War that is being set up with Macron now being in power and bringing in 10's of millions of people who have been fighting for thousands of years. We will not have American bloodshed!"
"askreddit"	"Stagehands, what's the craziest or weirdest thing that's happened during a play or rehearsal?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that used CRT Contact lenses, how well did they work for you?"
"askreddit"	"If your life depended on it what would you choose to guess as a password?"
"funny"	"I'm a Star Wars fan, and my wife a Disney fan. She had an idea to stack our novelty cups."
"pics"	"My Girlfriend left me a message that so endeared me, i made a picture"
"askreddit"	"What is a TL;DR to describe the style of your favorite author?"
"askreddit"	"Memers of Reddit, what is a clear sign that someone is a normie?"
"askreddit"	"What's your \"snobby rich kid\" story?"
"funny"	"proof that we are not alone"
"worldnews"	"Conservatives to retain 'tens of thousands' immigration pledge"
"the_donald"	"I meant to do this a while back. AMA Request: The ANTIFA member who lost his mask, was maced and hit in the face with a skateboard by another member of ANTIFA. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"the_donald"	"Hey leftists, wonder why you keep losing? (Hint, It's because while you're using your \"words\", WE'RE actually doing things)"
"askreddit"	"Corporate execs that think team building )ala role play and skits) is a good thing...why? (Serious replies only)"
"askreddit"	"you have to choose one none-electronic item to live the rest of your life on a desert island with. What do you choose?"
"askreddit"	"What is an uncomfortable truth?"
"funny"	"Harmony"
"the_donald"	"What are your thoughts on Michael Moore and Fahrenheit 9/11 ?"
"the_donald"	"WTF is \"Leeeverage\"???"
"askreddit"	"What can someone say to you (phrase) that will instantly piss you off?"
"askreddit"	"If Stephen King's \"IT\" was tormenting you, how would it manifest your greatest fears?"
"the_donald"	"A room full of Japanese fighter plane ZEROES"
"askreddit"	"Should benevolent aliens stage an attack on Earth, so that we drop our petty differences and unite against a common foe?"
"askreddit"	"How did you meet your significant other and start a relationship with them?"
"funny"	"Found this in my sweet and sour chicken. Reminds me of something."
"the_donald"	"Short summary of the congressional hearing"
"the_donald"	"ACLU Attorney arguing against President's Trump's Travel Ban is getting RIPPED A NEW ONE!!!"
"askreddit"	"What’s the first thing you notice when you meet a girl ?"
"the_donald"	"Texas BTFO's Sanctuary Cucks - Tells Them To Enforce Immigration Laws or Go To Jail."
"askreddit"	"Straight guys of Reddit, what was it like to live with a female roommate that you weren't dating? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What was your \"there is no way this can get any worse, right?\" moment?"
"askreddit"	"Supervisors of reddit"
"askreddit"	"Photographers of Reddit, at what moment did you finally feel like a real photographer?"
"funny"	"Shocking discovery! The planet earth is on ..."
"the_donald"	"MFW I get to upPepe"
"the_donald"	"ACTUAL SCIENTIST: Climate Change is a Scam! Original Member of Greenpeace"
"askreddit"	"10 year relationship or brand new"
"askreddit"	"Should I trade my 6s plus 32gb for an S7?"
"the_donald"	"Here's a sample of members of congress who have been in office more than 20 years: McConnel, McCain, Feinstein, Waters, Pelosi. Can we get those term limits?"
"the_donald"	"Macron voters in few years."
"the_donald"	"Class is in session"
"the_donald"	"Does the MSM even realize this shit? They really are that stupid folks!"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, how did you to fulfil your achievements?"
"gaming"	"To Much Science | Tornado Simulator 2015"
"gaming"	"Guess the tune! (Pardon the horrid recording)"
"askreddit"	"Why does the military need so much funding?"
"gaming"	"What kind of Mic/Headset do you use?"
"askreddit"	"What's shit everyone says?"
"worldnews"	"Zoe Ball's boyfriend fell victim to conman accountant before his death"
"pics"	"Never thought I'd see the day...."
"askreddit"	"Why are you a special snowflake?"
"the_donald"	"Do we have an ongoing list of Trumps fulfilled promises?"
"the_donald"	"Thought this work of art needed a little touch up after the recent elections"
"the_donald"	"More Propaganda About Our Beloved PEPE: Pepe cartoonist kills off character that became hate symbol!"
"askreddit"	"What was the kind of homework that you least hated doing?"
"gaming"	"Advice for a motorcycle racing game on ps4?"
"the_donald"	"Idea for a single-payer system . Hollywood profits from the global market can pay everyone's health care bills. No more insurance companys....and Jimmy Kimmel can sleep at night knowing we have health care."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] In what situation has someone metaphorically (or literally) taken a bullet for you?"
"the_donald"	"HIS NAME WAS SETH CONRAD RICH AND THEY JUST MENTIONED HIM IN CONGRESS"
"the_donald"	"\"If you strike me down I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.\""
"the_donald"	"Obama Slush Fund Reminder!!!"
"askreddit"	"What are some things you can do on reddit but can't do on the reddit mobile app?"
"the_donald"	"United Airlines attempts to save woman from potential terrorist attack by not sending her to Paris."
"askreddit"	"What would happen if you never said no?"
"the_donald"	"Thinking like women, demasculinized men are destroying society."
"askreddit"	"How would you react if a woman said Sinbad would play you in a movie?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most fun and entertaining side?"
"funny"	"MJF autograph"
"worldnews"	"Trial of Burkina Faso's ex-leader, ministers begins after delays"
"the_donald"	"Oh, FFS! It is well known that we also meddle in other countries elections, so can we (both Democrats and Republicans) just stop saying we must stop Russia from meddling in ours. Make our systems secure and we won't have to worry about it. Dumbasses!"
"the_donald"	"Lunatic Keith Olberman blames Trump for not getting a job at CNN."
"askreddit"	"Why do women only date and marry men that have a large penis?"
"funny"	"Flavor Town"
"the_donald"	"Kekwave. If you don't know, now you know. PEPE MUSIC."
"askreddit"	"What is reddit's all time best \"Mods are Asleep\" post?"
"funny"	"Cake Apology."
"the_donald"	"Oh My! It seems that there are still only 2 genders."
"askreddit"	"Have you ever cut a friend out of your life because of a political or ideological reason? If so, which one and why?"
"askreddit"	"Experienced adults of Reddit: if you like the company you work for, get payed well (for an entry level job), but have little to no interest in the work youre doing, what do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite sweets?"
"funny"	"You had one job.."
"funny"	"Currently watching season 5 of The Americans, and suddenly Louis C.K. shows up. Or at least that's what I thought before doing som quick research. Turns out this is just his perfect doppelgänger."
"gaming"	"\"Oh....Hi there. Take this.\" (Rainbow Six Siege)"
"askreddit"	"Of the current generation of actors and actresses younger than 50, who do you think will \"Clooney-ify\" and get hotter with age?"
"the_donald"	"Example of supposed Russian fake news?"
"the_donald"	"I love how CBS News' slogan is \"real news.\" How about they actually report the real news. Then they can have a more meaningful slogan."
"askreddit"	"Adults of Reddit who aren't tired all the time, how do you do it?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the absolute worst person that you know? What makes them the worst?"
"the_donald"	"Jews are fleeing France. France is over."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How would today's Europe look like if it had been Islamic instead of Christian for the last thousand years. How would this affect Europes society?"
"askreddit"	"What's commonplace now that will be collectible in the future?"
"the_donald"	"Massive public protests against Macron in Paris"
"askreddit"	"If you had only one food/meal that you could eat what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES!"
"askreddit"	"What is something easier said than done?"
"askreddit"	"In your opinion, what is the best free Antivirus option that does not spam the user with pop-ups and stupid add ons?"
"the_donald"	"New Study: 1 in 3 millennials still live at home, 1 in 4 are both unemployed and not in school. Why? Illegal immigration and bad trade deals destroyed the labor market. Our kids never had a chance."
"the_donald"	"\"T_D IS DONE. THEY WILL NEVER RECOVER FROM THIS.\""
"the_donald"	"MFW the creator of Pepe actually thinks people who post Pepes are racist"
"pics"	"Many ways to protest - found this in San Francisco's Business Registration data :)"
"askreddit"	"What if we where all a little more like Meryl Streep?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to earn Reddit Gold?"
"funny"	"Seen in middles school science lab."
"funny"	"The Lord of the Rings - 4chan financial edition"
"funny"	"Turn off the power BEFORE you clean it, Kevin."
"askreddit"	"What is something that you truly regret?"
"gaming"	"Can we get some love for this game?"
"the_donald"	"The Ride....it never ends"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what made you go \"That's fucking lit\"?"
"askreddit"	"How did you learn to drive?"
"worldnews"	"Woman tells Muslim shopper in US: 'Wish they didn't let you in the country'"
"askreddit"	"What's something easier done than said?"
"gaming"	"[Prey Spoilers] Not my proudest moment in Prey so far"
"worldnews"	"Riots have hit a small town in South Africa after a magistrate granted bail to two white farmers accused of murdering a 16-year-old black boy. Anger erupted in the maize producing town of Coligny, after residents learned that the two suspects had been freed"
"the_donald"	"We have a muslim mayor of London but why no WASP mayors for middle east or india or china?????"
"pics"	"sunday morning chillin'"
"askreddit"	"Do people poke your bellybutton? If so, who does?"
"gaming"	"With The Xbox One Dying In Japan, What Hope Is There For The Scorpio?"
"the_donald"	"Beautiful border wall concept design! Needs to be 10 feet higher tho."
"the_donald"	"\"Non-binary\" could become third gender option on Oregon driver's license application"
"the_donald"	"\"State Sen. John Healy, was an investor in oil prospecting ventures in Montana in 1916.. The trip took a tragic turn when Healy’s automobile tumbled into a creek, trapping his wife under the car...\" Why do libs' cars always get stuck in a creek? Leaky Healy's Chappaquiddick?"
"askreddit"	"When they are available should people without driving licenses be able to own fully automated cars and why so or not?"
"pics"	"I saw a rose bush in the middle of an area behind the shed. We've never utilized it, but the rose bush popped up and of nowhere... I was determined. It's my secret garden now."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is making our government want more tax from poorer people and less from the wealthy?"
"the_donald"	"#IslamExplained"
"the_donald"	"Weaponized Schizophrenia?"
"the_donald"	"What is Technocracy? How Elites will Enslave you &amp; Destroy Humanity"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what books should everyone read at least once?"
"askreddit"	"What do you fear the most?"
"funny"	"I tried to carry a part but it was Dave"
"pics"	"Got worried for a sec they had run over someone and then just parked."
"askreddit"	"What is the appropriate thing to send to someone who is on their deathbed?"
"askreddit"	"Which years did you enjoy the most: Elementary, High school, or University/College?"
"askreddit"	"Was there ever even one documented case of a communist regime whose human rights record wasn't worse than Pinochet's?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most reposted thing you see on reddit?"
"gaming"	"TF2 Engineer's struggles with Spy"
"askreddit"	"how many elements would an advanced galactic civilization be able to create?"
"askreddit"	"What bullet did you dodge?"
"the_donald"	"Since nobody knows how to ask a simple question at the hearing I have a simple question hopefully someone here with more knowledge of the Wikileaks CIA documents can answer."
"funny"	"I came home thinking my roommates added a new flower to our windowsill. Nope. Just her cat in his new soft cone after he licked all the fur from his armpit."
"the_donald"	"Chelsea Hubble - Figured out why Chubble uses the faux intellectual banter on twitter"
"the_donald"	"Here's a small sample of the members of congress who have been in office more than 20 years: McConnel, McCain, Feinstein, Waters, Pelosi. There's 70 more where that came from. Can we get those term limits?"
"pics"	"Picture I took with my Dad's old film camera."
"askreddit"	"What are some well-known examples of \"phoned-in\" acting?"
"askreddit"	"Is it appropriate to give money as a gift for Teacher Appreciation Day? Why/Why Not?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that watched a movie like Fight Club, did you change your lifestyle and from where you were headed, how different are you today?"
"the_donald"	"Fat Gollum testifying before the Senate"
"the_donald"	"Is Clapper Yoda's grandpa?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors that regret going to University, why ?"
"funny"	"Dude I know from Sweden who is in Spain right now just send me this..."
"worldnews"	"Teen's 'treasure' buried in Welwyn in 1981 found - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"Oregon Trail clone: Trumpocalypse"
"askreddit"	"If you were being graded on everything you did today, what would you get an A+ on?"
"askreddit"	"In your opinion, what's the best way to deal with a breakup?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What's something easier done than said?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe creator Matt Furie \"kills\" Pepe in new comic"
"the_donald"	"Can we please flood r/islam?"
"askreddit"	"If Stephen King's \"IT\" was tormenting you, how would it manifest your greatest fears?"
"askreddit"	"If you are in a relationship, what did you say to your partner when telling them how you felt about them?"
"askreddit"	"Why aren't more non-anime foreign(non-anglosphere) cartoon shows dubbed into English?"
"funny"	"Well, it's not wrong..."
"pics"	"Found a relic today."
"askreddit"	"Having a job interview tomorrow. What is the most important thing to remember?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the punchline or catch phrase of your life?"
"gaming"	"Outlast 2 Gameplay Video Part1 (30-40% of the game)"
"the_donald"	"GOP Senators RIP Sally Yates for Blocking Trump's Executive Order"
"askreddit"	"You are able to endow one character from your favorite classic film with one piece of modern technology, but it can't be a cell phone. How is the movie different?"
"the_donald"	"Shapiro destroys rapper who calls him racist"
"the_donald"	"Cuck Timothy Snyder is doing an AMA and says we voted for the God Emperor because we \"lack imagination\"."
"the_donald"	"So, Jared Kushner is selling visas to rich Chinese"
"askreddit"	"Supervisors of Reddit. What is the craziest thing you have caught an employee doing?"
"the_donald"	"It's time for us to start asking President Trump the tough questions."
"the_donald"	"Google changed the definition of fascism"
"programming"	"Guide to Extract Method Refactoring in TypeScript"
"the_donald"	"These people are clearly insane and **DO NOT** Understand what we STAND FOR at ALL"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates Gets LIT by GOP Senators for Blocking Trump's EO"
"the_donald"	"Its not right or left, its our right to think..."
"askreddit"	"If your house was burning down, what would you secretly enjoy seeing destroyed?"
"askreddit"	"What have you wanted to do but are too lazy to do it?"
"pics"	"Just now in Denver, Colorado!"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: An honor during Nat'l Mil Appreciation Month &amp; on #VEday to thank real heroes. Full remarks: https://t.co/ECSPra6z5G https://t.co/e7fxrstefk"
"the_donald"	"Tastes Good Man"
"askreddit"	"What do you regret, but not much, really?"
"the_donald"	"Obama Writes an Excel formula"
"askreddit"	"Whats the biggest thing going on in your life?"
"funny"	"This is the boy whp doea the dacne very much agoods!!! No hate"
"funny"	"\"Coloring for the lazy\""
"gaming"	"Best offline rpg for PS4?"
"funny"	"The supermarket's most fun game"
"askreddit"	"How do you take your coffee?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last lie you told?"
"the_donald"	"[shitpost] Looks like he's about to drop his hot new album; \"British Fatwa No. 1\""
"the_donald"	"James Clapper Misled Congress or Perjured Himself Claiming There Was No Release of Republican Data (VIDEO)"
"askreddit"	"How do you keep your long distance relationship going?"
"askreddit"	"What will you never not find funny?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been so surprised whilst drinking something that you had to spit it out? What caused it?"
"askreddit"	"What's that one legendary High School story about yourself?"
"pics"	"Ambrym Volcano"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, If you could crash a wedding of any famous person throughout history, who would you choose?"
"the_donald"	"Thank you punk rock. Taught me young to stand against the establishment. It was against Reagan and the right at the time but it rings true now against the left. Trump made it punk rock to be conservative."
"askreddit"	"What was the happiest moment of your day today?"
"askreddit"	"Would a mandatory typing test for election officials improve the quality of candidates (WPM &gt;45) ? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"When was the first time your realized you were turned on?"
"askreddit"	"What are some catch-22 of our real lives?"
"askreddit"	"When does engaging and interest in another culture cross the line and become cultural appropriation?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite subreddit to learn new things?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most overpowered, broken superhero?"
"funny"	"A cover to the classic 90's Nas song from his illmatic album. Hope yall enjoyed as much as we did filming it. Cheers."
"the_donald"	"WOW, it looks like the libs were right, gender IS on a spectrum."
"the_donald"	"The left is trying to get this subreddit shut down..."
"askreddit"	"What is your ultimate sexperience?"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite puns?"
"askreddit"	"As apps update and take up more memory on our phones and tablets we inevitably have to delete some apps to make room to update others, what is the last app you would remove from your device?"
"askreddit"	"What paradox confuses you most?"
"askreddit"	"What was your role in school?"
"askreddit"	"Doctors of Reddit, What has a patient ever said to you/done, that you wouldn't ever forget?"
"funny"	"John Oliver out mugged the FCC chair, Ajit Pai"
"the_donald"	"Remember Pedes, the purpose of the Judiciary Hearing with Former DNI Director James Clapper is to get him UNDER OATH. President Trump has got this."
"askreddit"	"What is a sequel that is actually better than the original?"
"askreddit"	"What was your sexual awakening?"
"the_donald"	"Cool article from Wikileaks saying not to underestimate Trump for Pres! Other cool things too!"
"askreddit"	"How old do you think most children's tv characters are (Bob The Builder, Noddy, Morph) ?"
"askreddit"	"What endeavor have you sunk the most money into(besides education)?"
"the_donald"	"Meninist twitter account gets it"
"the_donald"	"Sen Blumenthal (D-CT) Confirmed FEDERAL INVESTIGATION into INFOWARS.COM"
"the_donald"	"Tommy Robinson : The Polish community will end up being huge allies to us in our struggle with Islam . 🇵🇱🇬🇧👊🏻"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's your go to fun thing to do on a nice summer day?"
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest fact you know about a politician?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is Dead. Long live Pepe!"
"the_donald"	"AntiFA has its roots in Fascist Violence and a Marxist Communist Agenda"
"askreddit"	"Why does AskReddit have so many rules? Is there a subreddit where you can actually ask questions?"
"askreddit"	"What is your 'fake it until you make it' story?"
"the_donald"	"Since SJWs will be the ones to start a war, can we call it World War REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE?"
"the_donald"	"\"Try different keywords\" - no thanks cucks, how about a \"different search engine\" instead"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst storm you have been caught in?"
"askreddit"	"What do you still vividly remember from your childhood?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]An old saying goes if someone backs out of a date with you, they're not worth it. What advice would you give if EVERY person does this to you?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors in the food industry, what's the best secret menu item you serve?"
"askreddit"	"Which patent or copyright would you void if you had the power?"
"askreddit"	"What's an illegal LPT?"
"the_donald"	"Net Neutrality is a Scam"
"pics"	"When American aircraft carries USS Independence (CV-62) flashed the Italian Amerigo Vespucci with a light signal asking \"Who are you?\", the full rigged ship answered \"Training ship Amerigo Vespucci, Italian Navy.\" The US ship replied \"You are the most beautiful ship in the world!\""
"the_donald"	"I am sad for France. But fuck em. They made their bed. Now let it run over them."
"askreddit"	"What is something (nonsexual) you wish you could make someone else do?"
"askreddit"	"What is the Most Ridiculous Dream You've Ever Had?"
"the_donald"	"Liberal Judge frees armed robber, turned violent murderer"
"the_donald"	"Cheap bitches owned by OKenyan"
"pics"	"Glasgow City Chambers, Scotland"
"pics"	"Labradorite pendants"
"funny"	"yams"
"the_donald"	"Remember Pedes, the purpose of the Judiciary Hearing with Former Attorney General Sally Yates is to get her UNDER OATH. Oh, yes, and to push, Muh, Narrative."
"the_donald"	"I guess the sword was mightier than the pen."
"askreddit"	"What's the luckiest thing that has ever happened to you?"
"askreddit"	"Philosophical question: why would you like fries with that?"
"funny"	"My fiance's sister had her wisdom teeth removed this morning. This was the aftermath."
"the_donald"	"As a proud member of the United Stated Bureau of Memes, we are proud say that we will be accepting Pepe's visa and working with him every step of the way to become a National American Meme!"
"gaming"	"The Link in this unofficial guide"
"the_donald"	"This hearing was over 3 hours long. Not a shred of evidence showing any type of interference by the Russians was presented. #SallyYates"
"the_donald"	"Bad news pedes. They were right about arctic ice. Trump will have a hard time explaining his position on climate now..."
"gaming"	"Strangers on a train (tube)"
"the_donald"	"Shitposter-in-asylum-in-chief: Assange trashes congressional witnesses' failures to command basic facts: \"I'm less than impressed with the quality of US Congressional witnesses who can't even keep track of the basics. Should I ask to testify?\""
"the_donald"	"@WhiteHouse: The American people deserve a government that works for them &amp; @POTUS wants to hear your ideas to make that happen: http://bit.ly/2qjngPe"
"the_donald"	"Sometimes i close my eyes when smelly sally talks and hear elizabeth warren"
"askreddit"	"To those who don't drink: how do you navigate through your social life?"
"the_donald"	"Is reddit fucking with me?"
"askreddit"	"What is something in your past that you can finally look back on and laugh about?"
"the_donald"	"I would sell my soul to sex the black girl on the specialists"
"askreddit"	"Trump supporters who own a business, are you willing to name your names?"
"askreddit"	"What type of information was APT29 try to collect with the Hammertoss malware?"
"askreddit"	"What are some amazing things that happened because the use and analysis of big data?"
"askreddit"	"Try This Before You Jerk Off. Who is this?"
"the_donald"	"The book is real!"
"pics"	"Best Pizz Ever"
"askreddit"	"What song title describes your last dump?"
"gaming"	"[Prey] (Minor Spoilers) Not... Not my proudest moment so far."
"askreddit"	"If The Koran preaches violence against non Muslims, then why are over 99% of Muslims NOT doing that?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best chatup line that someone else has used on you?"
"the_donald"	"South Koreans voted Tuesday for a new president with victory widely predicted for a liberal candidate, who has pledged to improve ties with North Korea, re-examine a contentious U.S. missile defense shield and push sweeping economic changes."
"the_donald"	"Yikes!"
"askreddit"	"Uber/Lyft driver's what is your asshole passenger story?"
"funny"	"My fiancée's sister had her wisdom teeth removed this morning. This was the aftermath."
"the_donald"	"Teacher calls for Alex Jones to be killed !"
"the_donald"	"Finally, a Checklist That Makes Sense!"
"pics"	"Seagulls don't give AF"
"funny"	"Inside a St-Hubert men's bathroom."
"askreddit"	"What happened between you and your worst roommate?"
"askreddit"	"Who would be the face of Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"People of reddit, why do you read r/nosleep?"
"gaming"	"Morrowind – Original (2002) vs. ESO (2017) The Elder Scrolls Online Graphics Comparison"
"askreddit"	"Whats the most memorable moment of your first pet?"
"the_donald"	"Remember All, if you delete \"Muh, Russian\" and insert \"Old Ball Sack Eyes\" you would be closer to the truth then where we are today with, \"Muh, Narrative.\""
"the_donald"	"Democrat Mental Gymnastics"
"the_donald"	"Media Theft, Marine Le Pen, and More!Mike Cernovich"
"pics"	"Went to Flagstaff, AZ this past weekend and took a scenic ski lift. Not the typical scenery that comes to mind when one thinks of Arizona."
"askreddit"	"What is the mobile to desktop ratio of reddit users?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite subreddit to get advice from? Why?"
"funny"	"Why is there a balloon attached to that garbage dumpster?"
"funny"	"Thought your Monday morning was bad?"
"pics"	"Face Paint artist: What would you like? My Kid: \"A unicorn pooping a rainbow\" Dad: ..happy tears"
"askreddit"	"What is the stupidest reason you've been called into work for?"
"gaming"	"Custom Blood Splatter NES Reproduction Cartridge for Splatterhouse Wanpaku Graffitti"
"askreddit"	"What seemingly weak superpower is actually very easy to exploit?"
"askreddit"	"You are one of the first people to be resseructed at death to be a cyborg. You will have basic functioning skills (How to tie shoes, how to speak, how to walk, etc) but you're only allowed to transport one human memory with you. Which one do you take with you and why?"
"the_donald"	"Just took my Foreign Corrupt Practices Act training"
"pics"	"Sudden golfball sized hail in Denver"
"askreddit"	"Someone does or says something that catches you completely off guard. What is your go to phrase in these almost speechless moments?"
"askreddit"	"Personal trainers of Reddit, what frustrates you about some of your clients?"
"askreddit"	"What's the silliest thing a child said to you but actually made you think about what they said?"
"the_donald"	"This is what happens when you only shoot BASED loads"
"pics"	"Anyone know how to pick one of these locks?"
"askreddit"	"You have to donate the first item on your right to charity. What is it?"
"the_donald"	"Muh Russia official thread"
"the_donald"	"\"White Men Get Rich from Legal Pot, Black Men Stay in Prison\" Shit, guess if you're black you aren't equipped to start a business!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Zookeepers Of Reddit, what's the most annoying misconception guests have about different animals?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to sell a script for a tv show?"
"askreddit"	"so how do you like your cereal, with cold or warm milk?"
"the_donald"	"When can we expect Podesta and the boys to be put on trial?"
"the_donald"	"ACA Architect Jonathan Gruber Debates Karl Rove About Obamacare Repeal"
"pics"	"Giraffe's tongue"
"askreddit"	"What regional food is unique to where you live?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the funniest subreddits besides r/funny?"
"gaming"	"Final Fantasy IV|Betrayed AGAIN!"
"the_donald"	"👊 𝓐𝓜𝓔𝓡𝓘𝓒𝓐 𝓕𝓘𝓡𝓢𝓣 👊"
"askreddit"	"What is the bravest thing you've ever seen someone do?"
"askreddit"	"Anyone know where to obtain a Braves Ron Gant jersey?"
"the_donald"	"GOOD TRUMP: Trump Names List Of Conservative Federal Judges"
"the_donald"	"FRENCH DRUG DEALERS! CUT OFF MACRON UNTIL HE PROMISES FREXIT!"
"askreddit"	"How would you woo a Texan?"
"askreddit"	"What are some mathematical concepts you never quite understood?"
"the_donald"	"Does anyone know where I can watch the Red Pill?"
"pics"	"More pictures of my uncles house"
"askreddit"	"What was the biggest scandal that took place in your school?"
"the_donald"	"Caption this image: They're not sending their best"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite pop culture reference in The Simpsons?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]People who've had a threesome, was it all it's cracked up to be?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have interacted with celebrities and had a pleasant or unpleasant experience... What was it like?"
"askreddit"	"What are you going to eat for breakfast tomorrow?"
"the_donald"	"Vive le Fallujah - A Rant"
"askreddit"	"Everyone can think of a hot food that's better cold (looking at you pizza), what's a cold food that's better hot?"
"the_donald"	"Full quote from @realDonaldTrump to my daughter for her @kidspress story:"
"askreddit"	"When your SO or friend is feeling down, what are some things you can say or do to make them feel better?"
"the_donald"	"When you absolutely have to let everyone know you're an idiot"
"the_donald"	"How is flynn compromised????"
"askreddit"	"What makes some people believe that Earth is flat and why is that wrong?"
"the_donald"	"I truly feel bad for the libcucks. They were brought up right to hate the evil in the world but schools brainwashed them into thinking that America is the evil, not the threats to her."
"the_donald"	"Yates &amp; Clapper Admit Viewing \"Unmasked\" Trump Campaign Communications; Deny Leaking To Press"
"askreddit"	"What fictional character is what you aspire to be in life?"
"the_donald"	"I used to support lepen..."
"gaming"	"Everyone who reads this title just lost the game."
"the_donald"	"Every time they bring this Russia shit up again, but Hillary and Obama are still free."
"askreddit"	"What is the modern day version of blowing into an NES cartridge to make it work?"
"askreddit"	"Band members of Reddit, what has another member done to disappoint or angered you? Has anything ever kicked off during a live performance?"
"askreddit"	"How would you react if your SO asked to come into the bathroom and watch you use the toilet?"
"the_donald"	"THE WASHINGTON COMPOST SAYS LE PEN'S LOSS IS AN EMBARASSMENT FOR TRUMP. THEY'RE NOT SENDING THEIR BEST FOLKS!"
"askreddit"	"People who didn't get degrees/go to university. Was finding work harder? did you feel at all disadvantaged against people with degrees competing for a job?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good ways to meet people when relocating to a new location when you don't know anyone?"
"askreddit"	"What's the quickest way to fuck up someone's life?"
"the_donald"	"Former Obama EPA Chief concedes: 'Climate change has become a religion'."
"funny"	"Dirty Old Town"
"the_donald"	"At least Liberals aren't racist bigots :)"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates determined the travel pause was a Muslim ban based on what Trump said on the campaign trail &amp; therefore un-Constitutional. LOL"
"pics"	"Dat booty got me like"
"askreddit"	"If your life was a story, what would the moral of it be?"
"funny"	"\"I ain't no killer but don't push me son!\""
"the_donald"	"Scared"
"askreddit"	"When did you really not like your parents?"
"askreddit"	"what's your favorite category on PornHub?"
"askreddit"	"What's the fakest news you have ever read?"
"askreddit"	"Go to the nearest person, no matter who they are, and talk to them about whatever random subreddit topic you get when you press the random button in the top left corner. Who did you talk to and what did you talk about?"
"askreddit"	"Cheaters of Reddit: Why did you do it and where does your relationship stand today?"
"the_donald"	"How many evidence free hearings will it take for deranged Dems to figure out they've been lied to for political gain?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the most interesting Wikipedia page to read?"
"askreddit"	"What song is in your head?"
"the_donald"	"I ran out of Marxist/SJW/Jihadi-apologizing subs to be banned from."
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: RT @SecondLady: A memorable day as I joined @VP to host Honor Flight vets in honor of Public Service Recognition Week &amp;… https://t.co/Nn1MOpmtqJ"
"askreddit"	"How does one get into voice acting?"
"askreddit"	"What was your wittiest moment?"
"askreddit"	"How did you find out what you wanted to do with your life?"
"askreddit"	"if you are 21 old and you get umrah visa then how can you go to umrah single person?"
"the_donald"	"Watch Al Franken Get Hysterical at Sally Yates Hearing"
"programming"	"Probably the worst Windows zero day ever discovered"
"the_donald"	"Report Huffington Post for fake news."
"funny"	"Supernatural, origin of fidget spinners #fandomgonewrong"
"gaming"	"I don't remember this in Nier [NSFW]"
"the_donald"	"Beneath this mask there is more than flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea. And ideas are bulletproof!"
"the_donald"	"By the time I join the military in 5 years, I'll be deployed to France. Thanks Macron."
"the_donald"	"An AMERICAN guide to your Memorial Day BBQ."
"pics"	"My old Iphone is telling me to wait 44 years to use it again."
"the_donald"	"Religion Of Peace©®™"
"askreddit"	"Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, when someone asks you about a deal what do you think about them?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you don't use as much as you want to, but should?"
"gaming"	"Help finding old Nintendo magazine with Gold Controller Contest winners, trying to find for my husband."
"the_donald"	"Fixed the \"Toolbox\" Checklist from Today's Hearing."
"askreddit"	"Adults who can't cook: why haven't you learned a few recipes to make your life easier?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest thing genetics screwed you over on?"
"the_donald"	"Empirical data suggests CO2 does NOT drive Climate Change."
"askreddit"	"What's your favourite bit of movie trivia?"
"askreddit"	"How do girls look at attractive guys?"
"askreddit"	"What are some great movie soundtracks?"
"askreddit"	"What is an unexpected dilemma or problem that you have recently resolved?"
"programming"	"Intro to Machine Learning, Deep Learning and GANs"
"askreddit"	"What weird or otherwise hilarious thing do white people do?"
"the_donald"	"#SallyYates hearing just another media circus in which the Democrat party pretends they aren't covering up their own collusion"
"askreddit"	"Why do girls look at ugly guys?"
"askreddit"	"Cricket vs NFL: Which is the tougher sport?"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddit have incredible CSS jobs?"
"funny"	"You had one job.."
"the_donald"	"Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson confirmed!"
"askreddit"	"What's something easier done than said?"
"funny"	"Full body condom (Security lvl over 9000)"
"the_donald"	"Pepe has risen!!!"
"the_donald"	"They say you should hate the idea not the people. But I don't think I can forgive Muslims for Islam. If your culture revolves around pain, torment, and death I think I'm in my right to hate you too."
"askreddit"	"If your \"Locker Room Talk\" was released to the media while you were running for president - how much hate mail would you get?"
"askreddit"	"Would a mandatory typing test for elected officials improve the quality of candidates (WPM &gt;45) ? Why or why not?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary Regarding Children. It's an interesting read."
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what was your worst ever diarrhea experience?"
"funny"	"\"Shitters full Clark!\""
"askreddit"	"Who has had the biggest impact on your life?"
"askreddit"	"If a genie granted you a wish, but you only had 30 seconds to answer, what would you wish for?"
"askreddit"	"Metalheads of Reddit: What are your favourite bands?"
"askreddit"	"What are some songs one must listen to at least once in their life?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst advice you ever accidentally gave someone?"
"askreddit"	"Aside from 9/11 materials, what compelling examples of \"predictive programming\" could you refer me to?"
"askreddit"	"What was your \"Dream Job(s)\" when you were younger? What made that job so special/cool?"
"the_donald"	"ANTIFA - THE NEW ENEMY"
"askreddit"	"Gamers of r/Askreddit, what is the most disappointing game you've payed full price for?"
"worldnews"	"A side effect of peace in Colombia? A cocaine boom in the U.S."
"the_donald"	"Milo Returns"
"askreddit"	"What's the grossest thing that ever happened to you during sex?"
"askreddit"	"You get a quirk, what is your quirk and how do you use it? Child comment, what is their hero name?"
"askreddit"	"What is one household item you can \"cheap it on\" and one item you must buy the brand name?"
"the_donald"	"George Soros sued for $10 billion over more global meddling"
"the_donald"	"So much information is lost to history. We need to keep it alive, to safeguard it."
"the_donald"	"THE PEPE RISES!"
"funny"	"Behold the majestic Trash Panda"
"askreddit"	"You are walking on the sidewalk and a beautiful damsel appears before you, you raise your arm and prepare to flirt with her. What do you say?"
"programming"	"How to become better at reading and debugging code"
"askreddit"	"If you had the chance to live in another city, which city would you move to and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst situation (think emergencies, tragedies and the like) that an official could walk on the while President of the United States is masturbating?"
"funny"	"My feelings today about women...."
"askreddit"	"Why is it that British people like spicy Indian food, but Americans do not?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Divorced redditors, what made you decide your marriage was beyond saving? How did you deal with the divorce and would you say your life is improved?"
"askreddit"	"Genie grants any of your wish 50% of the time, but the other 50% of time it will go the opposite way. What would you wish for and what is your strategy?"
"askreddit"	"You are told that you have to throw out all your things, except gifts you've received. How much stuff do you now have? What's your most valuable possession?"
"pics"	"May 6th 3pm VS 8pm in Truckee (OC)"
"askreddit"	"Picky Eaters of Reddit, What Are You Favorite Foods and Least Favorite Foods?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] More and more stand-up comedians seems to be doing rape jokes. Is that ok? Have you ever seen someone do it and seen a negative reaction from the crowd?"
"askreddit"	"Travelers of Reddit, Where is the one place in the world you feel everybody should visit at least once?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit who acknowledge \"Mother's Day\", what is something that you will do for someone who is a mother (whether or not the person is your own mother) this coming Sunday?"
"askreddit"	"What did you get your SO on their last birthday?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People with depression, what are some things that your friends or SO do or say that help you and make you feel comfortable, confident or at least better?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe, why are you doing that?"
"the_donald"	"When they say we need diversity"
"the_donald"	"Forget Flynn's background being \"compromised by the Russians\" how about by the Democrats!!"
"askreddit"	"What would be the best course of action in this scenario regarding school policy?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of experiments would take place at the CERN Large Hardon Collider?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Am quitting my job - is it the right move?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, why do you repost?"
"askreddit"	"Dear users of reddit, what scared you the most when you were kids?"
"askreddit"	"If every podcast you love drops a new episode at the same time, which one do you listen to first?"
"the_donald"	"If your loved one is a victim of a terrorist attack , here's what the DNC wants you to do"
"pics"	"Spoils from last year's day of the rake"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst mistake of your life that ended up being one of the best decisions you ever made?"
"askreddit"	"What trends or things do you find most annoying on the Internet?"
"askreddit"	"Is Donald Trump more physically or mentally disgusting, and why? It's hard for me to decide"
"askreddit"	"Has anyone in history ever convinced a society that they were Godly/godlike like we see inn movies?"
"the_donald"	"Gosh darn, ShariaBlue is in full force today. Probably Soros victory money from the destruction of France. (rip)"
"the_donald"	"Hahahaha"
"pics"	"Vans is the best"
"askreddit"	"Is there a game where your character just stands there and does nothing?"
"askreddit"	"Why did Michael Jackson had to fight to get his music played on radio?"
"askreddit"	"Have any of your partners ever broken up with you after discovering you r/gonewild posts?"
"askreddit"	"What awesome comments led to the creation of entire subreddits dedicated to its topic?"
"funny"	"I saw this logo on a handicap van today in line at Chick Fil A. Someone got paid to design this.."
"funny"	"Peace &amp; War"
"the_donald"	"Steel City Clean Coal"
"askreddit"	"How do you force yourself to stay in a routine?"
"the_donald"	"Not our country, not our problem, but Le Pen voters, come on over!"
"askreddit"	"Music makers of Reddit, what are your favorite free VST plug-ins?"
"askreddit"	"How many meters of drapery would there roughly be in a 100m² drapery shop?"
"the_donald"	"Michael Flynn is a patriot."
"askreddit"	"What are informative Youtube channels that you can recommend?"
"askreddit"	"why do we continue to punish felons/ sex offenders after they have served their debt to society?"
"funny"	"Told her she couldn't wear her tiara."
"the_donald"	"Mars Rover discovers proof of ancient Kekistan ruins in Mars."
"the_donald"	"Who had one day in the french terror attack pool?"
"the_donald"	"What do you guys think of this book?"
"pics"	"Raging Kelpie."
"askreddit"	"Hey redditors, what do you do for a living?"
"askreddit"	"Who do you think is the manliest man in the world?"
"askreddit"	"If you were Neil Armstrong what would you say as you walked on the moon for the first time?"
"the_donald"	"EnoughTrumpSpam is saying that we're genocidal fascists for that picture of a bomb at Mecca while straightfaced arguing that we \"shouldn't be allowed to exist\" because of our \"violent ideas.\""
"pics"	"Longest Dog - NOT PHOTOSHOPPED"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"I don't care if I'm allergic I'm going to try ....... food\"?"
"worldnews"	"White House advisors called Ottawa to urge Trudeau to help talk Trump down from scrapping NAFTA"
"the_donald"	"We had an illegitimate POTUS for 8 years, Obama's OWN biography says he was born in Kenya. Thank God President Trump is ripping this racist, commies legacy to shreds. The liberal false prophet was the original \"birther\" (link in comments)."
"gaming"	"Just when I think my GPU might not be able to keep up anymore, I'm proven wrong. (Prey, 2017)"
"the_donald"	"Just tried to pay my insurance bill and was stopped dead in my tracks by white supremacists! Send help please!"
"the_donald"	"Why does this guy still have a job?"
"the_donald"	"Ye Gods! So Russia really DID hack the election! The POPULAR vote!!"
"the_donald"	"8 years of Obama paved the way for Trump. France hasn't had their Obama yet, but they just got him."
"the_donald"	"THE MANY PATHS FROM CNN TO DELUSION"
"the_donald"	"Mark your Calendars, Pedes. MAY 15: 9th Circuit Oral Argument – State of Hawaii v. Trump (5/15/17) – LIVE at 12:30pm ET on C-SPAN, @cspanRadio &amp; https://www.c-span.org"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit, what are some tips for lasting longer in bed?"
"the_donald"	"When we are under a cuck brigade, be a champ and be an aide. If you are a pede report, and if you are a mod deport!"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what's your craziest one-night stand story?"
"the_donald"	"If you strike me down..."
"askreddit"	"What is the single best line in any movie?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you actually want to do but social norm tells you not to do it?"
"askreddit"	"What prank have you witnessed that's gone too far ?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do to make studying more bearable?"
"funny"	"It's a frog-eat-frog world out there."
"funny"	"My fiancee's sister had her wisdom teeth removed today. This was the aftermath."
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing your ex did during a breakup?"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit who found out your kid was a psychopath/sociopath, what happened?"
"funny"	"You have no power here shittymorph!"
"worldnews"	"‘Merciful’ Church Forgives HIV-Infected Catholic Priest Who Raped 30 Children"
"pics"	"A picture of the Empire State 6 leaving for its summer sea term"
"askreddit"	"If you could see the meteor that was minutes away from destroying earth, what would you be doing?"
"the_donald"	"PB&amp;J SANDWICHES - ARE THEY RACIST?"
"askreddit"	"People with short tempers, what's your problem?"
"askreddit"	"What two genres of anything do you think would be hard to mix together?"
"funny"	"put my hands up, theyre singing my song, butterflies fly away"
"the_donald"	"Senate to vote today on nominee Gottlieb to be FDA Commissioner. This is a pretty big one."
"askreddit"	"Where will you go?"
"the_donald"	"Almost half of young French voters voted for Marine Le Pen in the presidential run-off"
"the_donald"	"The French Revolt Against Macron | Tim Pool"
"pics"	"Silver-breasted Broadbill"
"the_donald"	"Did President Trump issue the travel ban to force Sally Yates hand? Did she know he would fire her over it? I don't think so..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Employers of Reddit, do you prefer prospective employees to be honest about their flaws, or for them to tell you what you want to hear?"
"programming"	"Is HTTP/2 a stateful protocol?"
"the_donald"	"The fundamental issue isn't necessarily that any of the wiretapping or unmasking occurred, but that no one would be asking these questions if Hillary had won. Washington truly believes, through-and-through, that Trump's victory should have been impossible."
"the_donald"	"warning pedes... even though the \"MUSLIM BAN\" is fake news, it *WOULD BE* legal for POTUS to do a Muslim ban. Read the law he cited to the fake news. The left is preemptively trying to get us to disavow Muslim ban..."
"the_donald"	"Bill Clinton is a pre-existing condition"
"funny"	"The morning after pee. Women really don't realize the shit we have to put up with before we even get dressed."
"askreddit"	"What are some simple pleasures that you have to yourself?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what ways have you been friendzoned?"
"pics"	"Denver got a little hail today..."
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest thing you've heard someone say while sleeptalking?"
"the_donald"	"I used to work for Microsoft. There was an intranet document that collected ALL the offensive words/terms/phrases (in every language) for every race, culture and creed. Anyone have access to it? It was the most hilarious shit I've ever read! But that's not the primary reason for me seeking it."
"the_donald"	"This Shit needs to fucking STOP! What a bunch of Pussies..."
"pics"	"Strawberry at an antique shop"
"askreddit"	"Is there anything to do to get shoes more comfortable other than new insoles?"
"askreddit"	"What is a book that influenced your life the most?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you not want children?"
"the_donald"	"I'm died? (fresh pep pep 1of1)"
"gaming"	"MGS:Rising - Slow Motion"
"gaming"	"Today is my 25th birthday and i want to buy myself a top tier [PC] game for my birthday."
"gaming"	"Diablo 2 Key Recovery?"
"the_donald"	"When you shoot BASED loads"
"pics"	"My younger brother did an art"
"the_donald"	"Ivanka Trump : Leaders of the biomedical community came together today for a discussion on America's important role in biomedical… https://t.co/tPUIiQ7loy"
"the_donald"	"Anyone else find it hypocritical that certain subreddits are trying to down an entire subreddit based off a few radical users?"
"the_donald"	"May Day - Surrounded and beaten to the ground?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back to your early 20's and do something adventurous what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"We all know the tumblr, reddit, and 4chan stereotypes. What is the \"average user\" for other social media sites?"
"the_donald"	"I need some expired execution drugs stat!"
"the_donald"	"If Immigrants 'do the jobs Americans won't do'... then can we get some Japanese officials over here to start rejecting terrorist \"asylum\" applications?"
"pics"	"Someone had a great fishing trip"
"askreddit"	"What is you shortest and scariest horror story?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you actually WANT to do, but social norm tells you NOT to?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most badass thing you have ever done?"
"gaming"	"(OVERWATCH) Whenever Hanzo Mains Try to be a Pro Hanzo"
"pics"	"Glasgow City Chambers, Scotland, UK"
"askreddit"	"Former and current Cold Stone Creamery employees: What's the most disgusting mix you've ever made?"
"askreddit"	"What petty thing would make you drag someone off a commercial plane?"
"funny"	"#Hair"
"the_donald"	"Bobby Lee, a Cuck, translates the Senate Hearing: Clapper the Seal &amp; Yates"
"pics"	"Princeton University (Freshman vs. Sophomore) Snowball Fight, 1893"
"the_donald"	"Number of people that think Bill Clinton is a Rapist. Infowars.com"
"the_donald"	"They are not sending their best, they can't be."
"the_donald"	"What really happened today?"
"the_donald"	"Pedes of The_Donald, thank you for being the light in a dark world!"
"gaming"	"The game that is 16 years overdue for a sequel...it was to gaming was Deadpool is to the MCU"
"askreddit"	"If you ran an island, what would be your rule #1?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What do you dislike about yourself?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most greedy people you've met and in what situations have they bothered you?"
"funny"	"How to ask for a date"
"pics"	"Cockpit View"
"askreddit"	"Jaded and cynical people of Reddit, what made you become this way?"
"funny"	"No Parking"
"the_donald"	"Thanks AP, you just got Kermit fired from Sesame Street."
"askreddit"	"What's something you'll never stop feeling guilty about?"
"askreddit"	"What's your \"damn, how the hell did I end up here\"?"
"askreddit"	"What was your wierdest \"First time meeting with SO parents\" experience?"
"askreddit"	"What would your parents be most disappointed by if they knew what you knew?"
"the_donald"	"Why do cucks think sally yates \"owned\" lion ted?"
"the_donald"	"Whenever I'm frustrated by Democrat-Communists or cucks, I thank my lucky stars that we live in a constitutional republic that secures our liberties, has endured worse situations, and that there are only two genders."
"askreddit"	"What's the one thing or behaviour that seriously annoys you about your best friend (or family member) that you can't bare to bring up with them for whatever reason?"
"funny"	"My neighbor thought he had an Amphibious Exploring Vehicle"
"askreddit"	"What crime is worth the time?"
"askreddit"	"Ignoring the obvious answers, who is currently on the wrong side of history?"
"askreddit"	"People who have been raided by the cops or FBI, do they really break some of your stuff during the search and just leave it like in the movies?"
"askreddit"	"Guys who have their ears pierced, any regrets? Have they held you back from anything?"
"the_donald"	"Wikileaks Founder Julian Assange Accuses James Clapper Of Perjury During Russiagate Congressional Testimony"
"the_donald"	"Click please"
"askreddit"	"What is the most hurtful insult someone has said to you or you have said someone?"
"askreddit"	"When you were assisting high school, what was the best thing your student council did?"
"askreddit"	"Guys of Reddit, how do yaull feel about a high maintenance girlfriend? How much is too much?"
"the_donald"	"Iran test-fired a high-speed torpedo on Sunday, marking the latest provocative action from the Islamic Republic!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you had the attention of everyone on the planet, what is the one thing you'd want to tell everyone?"
"askreddit"	"Medical specialists of Reddit, outside of diet and exercise, what is one thing we might be unaware of that can help keep our bodies in top shape? [Serious]"
"funny"	"My fiancée's sister had her wisdom teeth removed today. This was the aftermath."
"askreddit"	"What's the the most memorable response you've received after telling a joke?"
"funny"	"Watch and learn!"
"the_donald"	"#GreenLivesMatter"
"the_donald"	"IMPORTANT: An anti-the_Donald subreddit is trying to get us banned by labeling us a hate group based on shitposts and things that aren't serious. Here is our task..."
"askreddit"	"What is your personal favorite/most nostalgic time period that you've lived through, and why?"
"askreddit"	"What celebrity would you want narrating your life?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who love a challenge... what are some of Trump's more endearing qualities?"
"funny"	"A steal at only $10 a piece!"
"the_donald"	"So, if the liberal story is true, the Russians gave out Democrat information to the public and our government illegally gave out Republican information to the public."
"the_donald"	"They're not sending their best folks! No wonder they blame everything on MUH RUSSIA."
"askreddit"	"If you had to build a Frankenstein-esque monster out of fictional characters' body parts, whose body parts would you use and why?"
"askreddit"	"redditors, what was your worst dining out experience?"
"the_donald"	"Judge rejects request to halt removal of confederate statue in New Orleans"
"the_donald"	"cant kill pepe dumass"
"the_donald"	"TOP KEK! Reddit post citing reasons why t_d should be banned includes this: Posted by a user with \"WhiteNationalis\" in their name. Leaves out that the user also has the word \"black\" in his name. (BlackWhiteNationalis)"
"funny"	"A friend gave her babe some brows"
"funny"	"TAIWAN NUMBA 1 !!!"
"worldnews"	"Paris's Gare du Nord station evacuated amid security concerns"
"the_donald"	"So, we are the hateful ones? Huh. Hypocrisy at its finest."
"the_donald"	"ELI5 the Pepe-palooza we got goin' on"
"askreddit"	"Why are fan of Japan so intense in their Japan worship?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most lavish wedding you've attended?"
"gaming"	"Help me find a new game (Mac)"
"the_donald"	"Oregon Police Log: \"Woman stuck behind slammed door over Trump comment\""
"the_donald"	"petition to revoke France's title as a western power"
"askreddit"	"If you could have only one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?"
"funny"	"\"Dan, I know you're in there! Where is my money?\""
"askreddit"	"Why some of the british singers do not have a british accent when singing but they do have an accent when talking (like in interviews)?"
"gaming"	"Jackpot"
"the_donald"	"They're not sending their best; Spez's Black Child Edition"
"askreddit"	"how are \"Made in USA\" products seen around the world?"
"askreddit"	"How would you study for your AP Calc exam that's tomorrow?"
"askreddit"	"If you could change one small detail of history, what would it be? What do you think the implications would be on the future?"
"funny"	"When you just have to be extra"
"the_donald"	"Merkel's lapdog visiting her soon"
"pics"	"My friend, Jeff, at Slieve League, County Donegal"
"askreddit"	"Whose the modern day Albert and Costello?"
"askreddit"	"If you found it today that your whole life had been broadcast like the Truman Show what would you be most embarrassed about?"
"funny"	"She's not breathing man"
"the_donald"	"New word \"Antific\". Means Utter Bullshit, derived from the word Antifa and it's current meaning."
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Redditers who have been poor what are some unethical things you did to survive?"
"the_donald"	"Hey leftists! just a friendly reminder about your good buddy, Fidel Castro!"
"askreddit"	"You are President of the United States. One day, in the Oval Office, you're masturbating when a Secret Service member runs in with the launch codes and football to tell you that Russia launched some nukes at the US. What do you do?"
"the_donald"	"Was Flynn just a trap set by Trump to nail the leakers?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most pretentious thing your friends do?"
"askreddit"	"What was the funniest thing you witnessed/ had happen to you in the last 24 hours?"
"askreddit"	"Comic book readers of Reddit, who are some interesting villains that non comic book readers might not be familiar with and what are there powers?"
"the_donald"	"LiveLeak.com - Arab man records himself illegally swiping all the Le Pen ballots on offer at his polling station in suburban Paris so no one can vote for her"
"the_donald"	"Why does T_D stay on Reddit??"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"I know it sounds weird, but give it a try\" thing?"
"askreddit"	"How does Reddit view Drake the Toronto based rapper who has been extremely successful?"
"the_donald"	"What a shameful bunch of cunts the British police are. They lock up relatives of raped girls instead of the invader rapists #justiceforchelsey"
"funny"	"Deadpool joins MST3K as they riff on Wolverine Origins"
"pics"	"Arkansas Traffic Jam"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest thing you've ever seen?"
"funny"	"Man hugs his Jeep after it falls in sinkhole lol"
"the_donald"	"The left is getting upset because of a sarcastic post about Pinochet, yet loves Fidel Castro and Che Guevara?"
"the_donald"	"FRANCE YES! Paris's Gare du Nord station evacuated with reports of armed men"
"askreddit"	"Dear Reddit: why is cream soda only pink in Canada?"
"askreddit"	"Why are most future movies always in the sky?"
"askreddit"	"How much sub-reddit pages do you follow?"
"askreddit"	"Whats one thing you'd like to know, but at this point are too afraid to ask?"
"funny"	"THE WOLVERINE SLOTH"
"the_donald"	"So Obama had a guy working for him that he knew could be blackmailed by Russia, but continued to let him work, and somehow its Trump, who fired him, that has the Russian connection?? Nigga please."
"pics"	"My brother is about to drop his Kids Bop mixtape"
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts of KFC's macaroni salad?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING! Paris's Gare du Nord Station Evacuated Amid Security Concerns..."
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS: A man has opened fire at police officers in #Troyes, #France, stand off ongoing between police and gunman. More soon..."
"askreddit"	"Non-American's of Reddit, what is it like to hear your voice change to a Midwestern American accent when you sing?"
"the_donald"	"When will we see nationwide voter ID? India a developing country rolled out nationwide universal voter ID. Do democrats expect us to believe that the US is incapable of giving its citizens IDs, when India with a population of a billion and development problems galore has already done it?"
"askreddit"	"What slang word/phrase should tourist know before visiting your country?"
"askreddit"	"What character from a movie or TV show do you look up to or feel inspired by?"
"askreddit"	"What's the brokest you've ever been?"
"the_donald"	"Monsanto accused of hiring army of trolls to silence online dissent -- WTF Shitlibs hate astroturfing now."
"askreddit"	"What is a misconception you had about another country and how old were you before you found out it wasn't true?"
"the_donald"	"A brief history of our beloved frog, Pepe."
"the_donald"	"We talk about the Muslim refugees in Europe bringing in Violence, but is anybody talking about how its not economically viable to support millions and millions of migrants flooding in? Won't this basically bankrupt the EU over time?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING : Trump Begins Mass Purge of Environmental Wackos From EPA"
"pics"	"Utah keeping its drivers safe"
"askreddit"	"How does it work couch surfing and what are tour tips to start doing it in colombia ?"
"the_donald"	"Enjoy!"
"askreddit"	"In what way should Americans be concerned that every futuristic movie depicts the world in ruins?"
"askreddit"	"What slang word/phrase should tourists know before visiting your country?"
"the_donald"	"Paris's Gare du Nord station evacuated amid security concerns"
"askreddit"	"What special names have you given certain products?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most inspirational story you've ever heard?"
"funny"	"When you don't believe in your own product"
"the_donald"	"Liberals would Ban Computer Science if they could since Binaries can't be only 1's and 0's"
"pics"	"Balthazar Peromoser | Bust of Marsyas"
"askreddit"	"Scholars and academics of Reddit, what was the lowest point in your academic career while pursuing your degree and how did you overcome it?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary's campaign finance committee forbids new father from naming daughter 'Ivanka'"
"the_donald"	"I live an hour away from a third world country."
"askreddit"	"Who will be the best player in the NBA after Lebron?"
"askreddit"	"Do you want to be cremated or buried and why?"
"askreddit"	"Why isn't the king of England mentioned as much as the queen?"
"the_donald"	"Reminder: Japan has only taken in 28 refugees from the Middle East. 2 have already raped and robbed a woman. They always stick together---no integration."
"the_donald"	"Infowars Brietbart named specifically in the Yates Clapper hearing. This is setting the narriative to shut down all right leaning media."
"askreddit"	"What is the worst sex injury you have ever had?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is your favourite album to listen to when you need to focus?"
"askreddit"	"How do you figure out which cat your dog will get along with before you adopt it?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most epic flip out moment you've witnessed at a public place?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst day of your life?"
"funny"	"I wonder if she treats STDs ..."
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts about owning a sex toy?"
"askreddit"	"How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?"
"askreddit"	"What's your \"that's not my job\" story?"
"pics"	"This is Penelope, and today is her first birthday."
"gaming"	"TIL Bone Thugz N Harmony sampled a song off the Eternal Champions soundtrack"
"the_donald"	"Joy Villa"
"askreddit"	"If you could remake any of the comic book movies that are part of the current cinematic universes, what would your pitch be?"
"askreddit"	"Taxi/Uber drivers of reddit, what are your craziest or weirdest stories?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best back-handed compliment you know?"
"askreddit"	"Hypothetically, if a baby's umbilical cord isn't cut after 9 months and left inside a womb big enough, will the baby continue to develop into a fully developed adult? How will the resulting adult be different from us?"
"the_donald"	"Hate to burst Texas' bubble, but Missouri banned sanctuary cities in 2009 😘"
"pics"	"My friend today: excited plumbing buddy!"
"askreddit"	"What are some sex, drugs, and rock n roll stories about rock stars?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors with kids: Why did you have them? Are they more of a curse or blessing?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what paranormal or otherwise terrifying experiences have you had while camping/in the woods?"
"gaming"	"Bridge fighting in For Honor"
"the_donald"	"Australian workers ad slammed for being too white"
"the_donald"	"Cucks want to ban r/The_Donald, I think they forgot just how big we are. 6 MILLION+ PEDES! Good luck banning one of the most active subs, fascists."
"askreddit"	"What's the deal with people using \"should of\" \"could of\" \"would of\", is that a genuine error or just some people speak that way?"
"askreddit"	"What is an important advice that you wish your 16-year old self followed?"
"the_donald"	"O Shit"
"the_donald"	"Cultural Enrichment Advisory Issued to New Jersey - Truck of Peace tour coming to the Garden State"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Etsy users of Reddit, how successful are you at selling greeting cards you designed? What do you do to make it work?"
"the_donald"	"VP PENCE: .@KofC leadership visited my office at the @WhiteHouse - thanks for all that you do in communities around our natio… https://t.co/OtuqUhrTDp"
"the_donald"	"OOTL - What's with all the Pepe memes all of the sudden?"
"pics"	"Wife sent me this pic a coworker took in house in Connecticut and I just wanted to share"
"worldnews"	"A Giant Turkish Flag Which Looms over the Citizens of Cyprus—Is now Being Petitioned Under Human Rights and Illegal Occupation"
"funny"	"Dancing baby lol!"
"the_donald"	"ACLU Lawyer Says Travel Ban ‘Could Be Constitutional’ if Enacted by Hillary Clinton"
"askreddit"	"What is your best insult using Shakespearean dialect?"
"worldnews"	"Canadians still pro-immigration, but souring on United States: survey"
"worldnews"	"Now China to Create its Own Version of Wikipedia"
"the_donald"	"We have some creative shills online today!!"
"askreddit"	"What generalizations are made about your culture?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who's SO's are into cosplay, what's your experience with extending their hobby to the bedroom?"
"funny"	"H3H3 MEME!"
"the_donald"	"MAGA ISIS BTFO"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper Misled Congress or Perjured Himself Claiming There Was No Release of Republican Data (VIDEO)"
"funny"	"funny, adorable, and very low-budget ad for animal shelter"
"the_donald"	"París main train station now (Gare Du Nord)"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion of analingus?"
"askreddit"	"What's the first movie you ever cried to?"
"askreddit"	"Who's Was Most Smart Social Skills Person You ever Met?"
"askreddit"	"Repo men and tow truck drivers, what's the craziest shit you've experienced on the job?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite real life mystery?"
"the_donald"	"Why do these Demorats get out of everything!?!"
"askreddit"	"I'm looking for a generic internet quote or expression that makes me look internet-cool. Got any suggestions?"
"askreddit"	"What are you looking forward to most?"
"pics"	"My uncles crazy hobbit house"
"askreddit"	"College students/graduates of reddit, What is/was your major and how did you decide it?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last sexual dream you had with a family member about?"
"the_donald"	"Honor Flight Veterans Honored at White House"
"pics"	"I need some opinions on this photo I took."
"askreddit"	"If you could replace breastmilk with a different beverage, what would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"Whose the greatest female comic of all time?"
"gaming"	"Last round, my friend and I clutch a 5v2 to win it after 2 people left"
"the_donald"	"Hillary's campaign finance committee will relax rules allowing women to work and drive without a man's permission."
"the_donald"	"What next for Macron after Win?"
"the_donald"	"Hot Pepe's 'Over The Wall' Hot Sauce! SPICE UP YOUR LIFE!"
"the_donald"	"How to lose with grace: Marine Le Pen dances the night away after election loss"
"pics"	"After 4 years, Chocolate Milk is finally back in schools. (In Los Angeles at least!)"
"askreddit"	"What is your families reputation?"
"askreddit"	"What is the nastiest thing you've ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"You meet an evil genie, who will try twist anything you wish for into something horrible. What is your one wish?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most comforting truth?"
"funny"	"so vaseline lets you create personalised tins..."
"the_donald"	"Would somebody please tell the Liberal, Progressive, Democrats that Muslims hate Jews, gays, and infidels."
"pics"	"Pupper Nimbus smiling while Zephyr waits for the ball"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst experience you have ever had in a store?"
"askreddit"	"Self employed Redditors, what do you do &amp; is it all its fantasized to be?"
"the_donald"	"Explaining White Privilege – The Best of Everyday Feminism"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what do you drive?"
"askreddit"	"When you guys are trying to get someone to listen to a band you like, what's the song you give them to listen to first?"
"askreddit"	"Whether at your wedding or someone else's, what is the cutest thing you have seen happen?"
"the_donald"	"Are any on the far right actually white supremacists/nationalists? And what does that mean, hatred for other races?"
"the_donald"	"MTV Insanity"
"the_donald"	"Richard Simmons Is a Transphobe"
"askreddit"	"You have just legally had your last name changed to \"Ten-tabs.\" Whenever you're on the internet, you have ten tabs open. What are in your ten tabs?"
"askreddit"	"What advice would you give to a recent college graduate?"
"askreddit"	"What is the r/nosleep that made you have to stop reading them for awhile?"
"askreddit"	"Teens of the 90s, what did you do?"
"the_donald"	"THE FRENCH REVOLT AGAINST MACRON"
"the_donald"	"Microaggression phrase of the day..\"Islam teaches hate and intolerance\"."
"pics"	"Queen of Speed"
"funny"	"yeah no this definitely seems legit"
"funny"	"Me cleaning my a-hole"
"the_donald"	"It really is quite shocking that the Democrats are still dragging Flynn's name through the mud. It seems obvious to me that they just wanted to destroy someone they saw as a traitor to their party. Flynn was a lifelong Democrat after all."
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have cheated on exams, how did you do it? Did you get away with it?"
"askreddit"	"How is it for you when a waiter comes and takes plates off your table when you're not done eating?"
"askreddit"	"What is the smoothest phrase you said to a man/woman you liked?"
"askreddit"	"In honor of the 72nd anniversary of Germany's unconditional surrender to the United Allies, what is the most interesting fact you know about World War II?"
"askreddit"	"If you drop a single feather and a stone of the same weight in a natural state on earth, which would land first?"
"funny"	"Salad, anyone?"
"the_donald"	"Just want to point this out to everybody who yells \"fascist\""
"the_donald"	"Scholarships for ALL Transgenders at California community College"
"askreddit"	"How old are you and whats something you want to say to people younger than you?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you want to do but don't because social norms tell you not to?"
"askreddit"	"Whats a time you caught someone in a lie?"
"the_donald"	"Europe has fallen, only the UK stands!"
"askreddit"	"What is your real life scary/paranormal experiences?"
"askreddit"	"Everyone has a black sheep in the family. Who's your black sheep?"
"the_donald"	"Your average EnoughTrumpSpam subscriber"
"askreddit"	"Über drivers (or any taxi service), who was the worst passenger you've ever had?"
"the_donald"	"Iran test fires torpedo in the Strait of Hormuz - I wonder where they got the money for that?"
"pics"	"My early 1900 house shadow vs new industrial america."
"askreddit"	"What's a mistake you made that almost got you killed?"
"pics"	"Fancy Dickbutt"
"funny"	"[NSWF] Amazon commercial depicts brutal torture"
"pics"	"My grandma had a film photograph of the sun setting perfectly behind the World Trade Center taken sometime in early 1999 from across Reynold's Channel in Long Beach, NY"
"the_donald"	"MASSIVE \"Debt-bubble Landmine\" Obama left over for Trump"
"askreddit"	"Why do you keep a weapon for self defense, what would you recommend?"
"the_donald"	"EPA dismisses half of its scientific advisers on key board, citing 'clean break' with Obama administration"
"askreddit"	"What is your idea of fun?"
"askreddit"	"What societal norms are changing rapidly?"
"the_donald"	"One bit of good news today, at least!"
"askreddit"	"What is a good generic quote or expression that you can use in the comments to make you internet-cool?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about people who abstain from marriage on the basis of bad genetics?"
"askreddit"	"Movie sequels are usually mediocre at best, which one's are close to being better than the original?"
"gaming"	"Boing! Boing!"
"the_donald"	"Possible security incident currently underway at Gare Du Nord station in Paris. Police forces have begun to clear the area."
"askreddit"	"What gave you the most sense of accomplishment ever?"
"askreddit"	"What happened during your first all nighter?"
"askreddit"	"What one-liner did you deliver that earned you a spit-take?"
"worldnews"	"Facebook must delete hate postings, Austria court rules - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"AntiFA celebrates Macron victory by promoting the destruction of France's national symbol of white supremacy, the Eiffel Tower."
"the_donald"	"NetFlix may get taxed. I no longer care"
"askreddit"	"What fictional character have you been emotionally attached to?"
"askreddit"	"911 operators, what have been some of your more entertaining calls?"
"askreddit"	"What makes some people believe that the Earth is flat?"
"askreddit"	"If 4Chan wasn't related at all to anime in the first place what would it be called and would the community be as toxic?"
"askreddit"	"You have 100 buttons in front of you. Pressing the first button gets you $1000 and every button after that doubles your money. But, with every button you press gives you an added 1% chance of dying instantly. So, how many buttons do you press?"
"funny"	"\"Bagged candy\""
"gaming"	"You lost the game."
"the_donald"	"🤢🤢\"Gender-neutral movie award\"🤢🤢"
"askreddit"	"Help"
"funny"	"A doggo wearing some goggles in a Jeep."
"askreddit"	"What are some of the best documentaries that you know about/are your personal favorites?"
"askreddit"	"Advice on moving to a new country and starting a new life after college?"
"gaming"	"The name's Forrest. Forrest Gump."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If I want to learn how to invest and have $1000. What is a good place to start?"
"askreddit"	"If the reddit community was a person, what personality would they have?"
"the_donald"	"Bill Clinton is a rapist!"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates gets SUED"
"pics"	"Chicago being pelted by lightning"
"askreddit"	"What's Your Favorite Improvised Scene From a Movie/TV Show?"
"askreddit"	"Medical Professionals of Reddit, what are your horror/grossest/funniest work related stories?"
"the_donald"	"Former Director Of National Intelligence James Clapper Again Lies To Congress"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about this cheap 40 $ camera ?"
"funny"	"Funny &amp; random vid about chimp that tries to play keyboard but fails"
"pics"	"Signs from the recent Take 'em Down NOLA march"
"gaming"	"Prey is the game of the year... year 2003"
"the_donald"	"Jesse Watters Takes On A QUACK That Claims Trump Is Mentally Unfit For Office"
"the_donald"	"More crying from Boogie."
"the_donald"	"Professor faces disciplinary proceedings for calling diversity training a waste of time"
"pics"	"Concrete books"
"pics"	"YOU SHALL NOT PASS"
"askreddit"	"Do you turn the water off when you're brushing your teeth?"
"askreddit"	"Where do people get their cool shoes from?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best sentence (less than 15 words) that anyone can tell you right now?"
"the_donald"	"They created so many genders they had to make a gender-neutral award"
"askreddit"	"What is something you like about the person you dislike the most?"
"the_donald"	"Rogue Swamp Protecting DOJ Obstructs Make Agriculture Great Again Effort"
"funny"	"Robot Fails Compilation"
"funny"	"Had a photoshoot for my dog today.. This is my favorite picture."
"worldnews"	"China beckons Canada and Mexico in face of U.S. uncertainty: Mexican minister"
"the_donald"	"On a recent post about Macron winning in r/edacted, someone said 'T_d thought they could meme a racist into power with green frogs,' and it reminded me of this.."
"askreddit"	"How do you get over a long term relationship?"
"askreddit"	"What are some 'neckbeard' things you actually enjoy?"
"askreddit"	"What repulsed you the most?"
"askreddit"	"For anyone who lived during the 70's, what was it like to listen and hear things about the war in Vietnam? In other words, how did it impact your life?"
"askreddit"	"New Smokers of Reddit (those who took up the habit within the last 10 years or so): Knowing what we know about the dangers of smoking, why did you take up the habit?"
"askreddit"	"What is your least favorite generic brand of Askreddit question?"
"askreddit"	"Where do people get heir cool shirts from?"
"the_donald"	"I just listened to the whole damn muh Russia hearing and there were only insinuations and refusals to answer. I can't stand those idiots. And they're trying to scare me that Russia used trolls and fake news? I'm more scared that my Senate is full of morons"
"askreddit"	"how do christians justify the death penalty when the 10 commandments says thou shalt not murder?"
"worldnews"	"U.S. poised to expand military effort against Taliban in Afghanistan"
"the_donald"	"DONALD J. TRUMP IS A FUCKING IDIOT AND SHOULD GO KILL HIMSELF IN A CORNER WERE HE BELONGS ALONG WITH BANON AND EVERYONE IN HIS FAMILY AND EVERYONE THAT HE REMOTELY ASSOCIATES WITH. Kappa."
"askreddit"	"What song from your favourite genre of music would you show to someone to prove their misconceptions about the genre wrong?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most awkward thing that's happened to you at a job interview?"
"funny"	"H3H3 Meme!"
"the_donald"	"**REMINDER: T_D Is A Place Of Acceptance, Love, Diversity, And Respect. We Are Always Here With Open Arms For Anyone Else Looking For A Place To Call Home And Wants To MAGA With Us All...Together."
"askreddit"	"What is a sign that someone has above average intelligence?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite post season 10 Simpsons episode?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what are you afraid of?"
"askreddit"	"What do you really hope doesn't happen?"
"gaming"	"What's the best staff on origins?"
"the_donald"	"Al Franken wasting everyone's time today"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that attended their 10th year high school reunion: how did it go?"
"askreddit"	"What are you afraid of?"
"askreddit"	"What was your worst pizza experience ever?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most paranormal thing that has ever happened to you?"
"askreddit"	"What do you still not have an opinion on?"
"gaming"	"Nier automata, gravity rush 2, or Final fantasy 15?"
"the_donald"	"I think American Gods just got on the ISIS hit list....which means THIS just became my favorite show on Starz"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Sally Yates SUED for her Emails by Judicial Watch"
"askreddit"	"What are the logical/practical benefits of marriage?"
"the_donald"	"Any anti-pitbull people In here?"
"the_donald"	"Futurama Predicts The Future"
"askreddit"	"Security Guards of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you've ever had to deal with while on the job?"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"politacally incorrect\" belief?"
"askreddit"	"What's a horror movie that's scary without gore?"
"askreddit"	"What movie should have been good but wasn't?"
"askreddit"	"Where are you from and what is your favourite sport?"
"gaming"	"NBA 2K18 - Shaq Legend Edition Announcement"
"gaming"	"Posted on the stop sign in my neighborhood"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, how did you find your years at university/college and university/college as a whole?"
"the_donald"	"Paris’s Gare du Nord EVACUATED as armed police storm Europe's busiest station: who wants to bet it has nothing to do with the religion of peace?"
"funny"	"This is the shadow that my bird feeder casts"
"the_donald"	"What a lovely day"
"the_donald"	"Texas governor signs bill re: 'sanctuary cities' making it illegal to not comply with laws."
"askreddit"	"What's something that you often use, but not for its intended purpose?"
"askreddit"	"At your current job what is the most outrageous act you could get away with without getting fired?"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper Won't Give Straight Answer on Whether He Gave Unclassified Information to a Reporter to Plant a Story"
"askreddit"	"What was the main source of the plague spreading, and could you survive contracting the disease?"
"the_donald"	"Triggering Cucks in an HPD chopper while holding the AR I built. Thank you , God Emperor. I'm proud to be American"
"programming"	"Live-streaming police chase of AI vehicle."
"askreddit"	"Why are you deciding not to have any children?"
"funny"	"Just unwinding from a hard day at the office."
"the_donald"	"HIDDEN SIGNALS in TV Ads cause Phones to Spy on Owners"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"What is this generation's version of \"Snape killed Dumbledore\"?"
"gaming"	"Looking for a specific game"
"the_donald"	"Modern Political Discourse in the United States Montage - ANTIFA Edition"
"askreddit"	"What event or conversation made you question your friendship with someone?"
"askreddit"	"What's a secret about yourself that most people would absolutely hate you over?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Private Investigators of Reddit, what's a typical day like for you?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most awkward movie to watch with your parents and/or children?"
"the_donald"	"Climate Scientists enter the Oppression Olympics"
"the_donald"	"Google just randomly changed the definition of fascism! Everyone be sure to set the record straight with that Feedback button!"
"askreddit"	"Without sarcasm, what do you like about Donald Trump?"
"askreddit"	"What should a 21 year old male buy at a mall in Cali with 100 bucks?"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest fact about you your (future) kids should never know about?"
"funny"	"PsBattle: Girl passed out on my couch."
"the_donald"	"\"\"\"\"PROGRESS\"\"\"\": Harvard is going to hold a blacks only graduation ceremony! I guess segregation is back in style for the left!!"
"the_donald"	"ACLU tells court that Trump's travel ban is unconstitutional because Trump created it"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Prisoners of Reddit, why did you commit crime and how long were you in prison for?"
"the_donald"	"I wonder why cucks say we don't matter and are irrelevant but every time half the posts on r/all are against t_d (They are afraid of us)"
"the_donald"	"🎓 WASHINGTON SCHOOL PROF: House GOP ‘should be lined up and shot’ (LITERALLY)"
"askreddit"	"What recently gave you the most sense of accomplishment?"
"askreddit"	"Instead of flowers, what equivalent value would your rather receive?"
"funny"	"I keep this next to my bed."
"gaming"	"Stealthy Gameplay style in PLAYER UNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS."
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS AT CNN!"
"pics"	"Fancy Dickbutt"
"funny"	"Hitchcock on television"
"funny"	"The conjoined never get a break"
"worldnews"	"Penn State student dies during hazing event"
"askreddit"	"For Cardio is the treadmill or stair master more effective for body fat loss? And why?"
"the_donald"	"PLEASE ASK UNDER OATH IF SETH RICH HAS EVER BEEN UNMASKED!"
"askreddit"	"If they made another Expendables movie 15 years from now, who would star in it?"
"the_donald"	"So when are we going to conclude it really was Kim Dotcom and not Russia? It makes perfect sense."
"the_donald"	"Whenever /r/ETS complains about this sub remember they bot to the frontpage, their mods use alt accounts to post hateful things from their brain. They are the toxic left. How ETS mod Marisam attempted to get T_D banned"
"pics"	"For those Zombie Apocalypse situations."
"pics"	"When a neck beard wants a car they go to"
"pics"	"Relaxing afternoon walk along the harbor, as the sky got darker and darker."
"the_donald"	"COMEY the Lying WEASEL! Sally Yates Testifies She Has Never Been Questioned By FBI About Intelligence Leaks to Media… BOMBSHELL!!!"
"the_donald"	"V E R Y R A R E"
"pics"	"Best friends! At times!"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you fought back tears successfully?"
"the_donald"	"If the Shoe Fits. Russian Bot checking in (apparently)"
"askreddit"	"If you had to describe a colour to someone, how?"
"the_donald"	"RIP Europe. You'd think they would be tired of being invaded by radical ideologues. Cest la vie said they old folks as they watched Europe burn."
"askreddit"	"What was really important?"
"the_donald"	"We are the inheritors and defenders of free speech. Perhaps it's time for the mature users to bring back some semblance of sanity to this site."
"askreddit"	"You won a contest to create a theme park in your neighborhood. What is the theme?"
"the_donald"	"🤢🤢 They have gender neutral awards now 🤢🤢"
"gaming"	"If you believe in net neutrality go comment for your support"
"the_donald"	"Krauthammer is such a crusty old cuck"
"the_donald"	"Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is \"no evidence\" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump."
"askreddit"	"If a terrorist lets you choose between losing two fingers and no Internet for five years, which one is it?"
"askreddit"	"What is the correct saying for \"Bruise like a ________ ?\""
"the_donald"	"I don't know about you, but I'm getting a little sick and tired of leftists telling me 1) I shouldn't feel safe in public and 2) I have no right to defend myself."
"askreddit"	"Why do you think your opinion matters if your not a subject matter expert?"
"funny"	"Heres one for all the moba players who know what its like to have a shit teammate."
"worldnews"	"Horrific phone calls reveal how Italian Coast Guard let dozens of refugees drown"
"worldnews"	"Parisâs Gare du Nord EVACUATED as armed police storm Europe's busiest station"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: \"Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is \"no evidence\" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.\""
"the_donald"	"Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is \"no evidence\" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump."
"the_donald"	"Students DESTROY a Donald Trump shaped Pinata with Teacher permission, thus causing Teacher placed on Leave"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you let a roommate move in and then found out after the fact that they \"played for the other team\" how did you go about confronting them and getting them to move out?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most passive aggressive text or message you have ever received?"
"the_donald"	"Last night, Cuck media was in glee that \"France's Muslims were hopeful\" at Macron win. Today, France is evacuating a city because a hopeful Muslim has planted a bomb. French voted for this tho."
"askreddit"	"What's your weirdest/most interesting \"asking for a friend\" moment?"
"askreddit"	"What are your corniest jokes?"
"askreddit"	"What's the one thing you regret or don't regret doing in your life?"
"askreddit"	"What is the oldest music you still listen to?"
"askreddit"	"What is the least painful way to die?"
"the_donald"	"United Airlines: Traps Passengers on Grounded Plane Under Miami Sun for 5 Hours, “No Air Conditioning, Water, Food, Toilets” [VIDEO]"
"askreddit"	"What's your fondest memory of a beloved pet?"
"askreddit"	"Why is making a thread on AskReddit so hard?"
"askreddit"	"Medical Professionals of Reddit, what are your horror/grossest/funniest work related stories?"
"worldnews"	"Police operation underway at Paris' Gare du Nord station"
"askreddit"	"What job did you hate the most and why?"
"askreddit"	"What job did you hate the most and why?"
"the_donald"	"DAE libtard cuck??"
"gaming"	"I want to buy a game off steam but I'm not sure if my computer can run it."
"the_donald"	"Got banned from nottheonion a while back. I noticed my comments were vanishing after posting, and I was determined to spread the word of our Humble Water Merchant."
"pics"	"My great grandfather 70 years ago and now. He'll be turning 93 in August"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if your wife/husband said one of you parents names instead of yours while making love?"
"the_donald"	"Today I embark on a quest in search of the fabled missing gender. Over mountain summits and deepest jungle, I shall leave no stone nor pebble not overturned in this settlement of Science"
"askreddit"	"What would be the worst cast for a live action Teen Titans movie?"
"askreddit"	"What was your customer service experience where you actually agreed with the customer, but had to do otherwise due to company policy or what your boss told you to do?"
"askreddit"	"If Someone is Born Deaf, What Language do they think in?"
"askreddit"	"How loud are you and your partner during sex?"
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump: Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!"
"the_donald"	"France is going from the World's most beautiful language to by far the ugliest overnight. Nothing worse than that throaty barking shit from the desert. Sad."
"askreddit"	"What ever happened to Dutch Fuckleberry?"
"programming"	"Sandman: A Lightweight Script For Late Night Developers"
"askreddit"	"Use this post as a way to reflect on your current life. What was the life changing event in your life?"
"the_donald"	"Have anyone else's comments disappeared? I can't see any but one if I click on my user name in the corner. Comments are still showing up on my top and rising however. Anyone else experience this?"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: \"Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!\""
"askreddit"	"What kind of personality would each subreddit have if it was a person?"
"funny"	"Found this gem while roadtripping through Colorado."
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!"
"askreddit"	"What's a unique, inexpensive, wedding venue?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of your favorite documentaries and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's something that everyone seems to know about you except for your SO?"
"worldnews"	"Israeli police shoot 16yo girl after alleged knife attack in Jerusalem"
"funny"	"My cat is thinking deep thoughts today."
"the_donald"	"The failing New York Times = Very fake news. Archived"
"the_donald"	"Just a billionaire ACTUAL NAZI democrat, but that's none of my business."
"askreddit"	"When is your birthday?"
"funny"	"When you miss a call from your girlfriend"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump: More Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is \"no evidence\" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump."
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!"
"the_donald"	"Lets be honest, this might as well be the National Anthem of France now that Macron won."
"the_donald"	"Maxine Waters Presents MTV Award for 'Best Fight Against the System'"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you let a roommate move in and then found out after the fact that they \"played for the other team\" how did you go about confronting them and getting them to move out?"
"askreddit"	"Who is \"That Guy\" at your workplace?"
"askreddit"	"Which three items describe you the best?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most god awful, cringiest part of your life you want to forget?"
"gaming"	"When being a noob practically saves your life"
"askreddit"	"How has your SO made you a better person?"
"askreddit"	"What are some unusual food combinations that you enjoy?"
"worldnews"	"Chrysotile asbestos is not hazardous, says India at Rotterdam Convention."
"the_donald"	"Zombies react to Encoutnering a Liberal"
"the_donald"	"Group sues for Sally Yates' Justice Department emails"
"the_donald"	"I mean... what did we really expect to happen?"
"the_donald"	"Based Brendan: Anti-fascism ain't what it used to be pedes..."
"the_donald"	"Trump tries the Brazilian taco bowl"
"the_donald"	"The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?"
"askreddit"	"Older people of Reddit, what is an opportunity you passed up in your younger days that you really regret now?"
"gaming"	"What would be your favorite JRPG game/series that you've ever played?"
"the_donald"	"Gamergate in a nutshell, according to SJW's."
"pics"	"Dickbutt cafe latte made by awesome baristas"
"funny"	"Decided to start recording my conversations with phone solicitors...."
"gaming"	"Prey ps4 question"
"the_donald"	"\"The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?\""
"askreddit"	"What is the absolute last way you would want to die?"
"askreddit"	"How is your friend similar to a TV show/movie character?"
"askreddit"	"What are some funny ideas for a short film that needs to be based on concepts from pre-calculus?"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: \"The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?\""
"askreddit"	"What's one of the most true or inspirational quotes you know?"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?"
"askreddit"	"Straight men of reddit, whats your opinion on asshole play?"
"the_donald"	"When you're checking other subs since T_D all has jobs and works for a living"
"askreddit"	"How would you pronounce the given (first) name \"Cera\" in English?"
"askreddit"	"What is the benefit of doing the rest-pause technique instead of just doing the last set till failure?"
"pics"	"Mini TMNT TGRI Canister with Ooze."
"askreddit"	"What's your best \"... but nothing ever happened...\" story?"
"askreddit"	"Window cleaners of reddit, what interesting things have you come across while cleaning?"
"funny"	"I found this helps review while searching for museums to explore"
"the_donald"	"AMERICA IS BACK, BABY! TRUMP!"
"askreddit"	"If there was a bible of sorts made from music lyrics - which would you pick to be in it?"
"the_donald"	"IN THE NAME OF PEPE! PEPE LIVES IN DEATH! IN THE NAME OF PEPE! PEPE LIVES IN DEATH! IN THE NAME OF PEPE! PEPE LIVES IN DEATH!"
"askreddit"	"What would be the worst way to break up with someone?"
"the_donald"	"McMaster is going after our Only HOPE!!! He's done for!!"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever seen a psychic? Do you think they were real? What happened?"
"askreddit"	"What are weird things you do to make yourself feel better?"
"gaming"	"My mom understands the concept of not being able to pause an online video game, AMA."
"worldnews"	"Armed police at Gare du Nord in Paris as station evacuated"
"the_donald"	"WikiLeaks: 3490 fake news stories that reported that \"17 intelligence agencies\" made US election hacking report when only 3 did"
"askreddit"	"What show is great overall except that one season/s? What is so bad about that/those season/s?"
"askreddit"	"In view of all technological advances, what's something that seems primitive in our everyday lives?"
"askreddit"	"So I was conversing with my roommate. And we wondered. Has Rogue of X-Men ever killed anyone? And if so how many?"
"funny"	"Bart's People (The Simpsons)"
"pics"	"My girlfriend snapped a pic of me trying to fix a (somewhat) broken camera"
"askreddit"	"If your life were made into a game, what would it's name be?"
"the_donald"	"Wikileaks: \"3490 fake news stories that reported that \"17 intelligence agencies\" made US election hacking report when only 3 did\""
"the_donald"	"Pretty interesting that this HuffPo article perfectly illustrates the Left's relationship with Islam - Early Warning Signs of an Abusive Relationship"
"pics"	"The icons on the bottom-right refer to food best served on. Not social media platforms."
"askreddit"	"Do you know anyone who would buy Big Baller Brand shoes / sandals?"
"worldnews"	"Liberal Moon seen as favorite as South Koreans vote for new president to succeed ousted Park"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Paris train station EVACUATED as armed police swarm building"
"the_donald"	"\"Trump's name is Donald Trump\" Snopes: Mostly True"
"the_donald"	"Krao, The Missing Gender"
"askreddit"	"What isn't nearly as safe as it seems?"
"the_donald"	"Episode 29!!: Based French Disko!!"
"askreddit"	"What should you know how to do at this point in your life but still don't?"
"askreddit"	"What was your most intense moment of realizing you forgot to do something important?"
"funny"	"There is a troll among us."
"funny"	"Studying for graduate level finals... (credit /u/Raedek)"
"funny"	"6969 REE LN, REE, RI, 23453"
"the_donald"	"I'm tired of the racism and bigotry against the Russian people! The ushanka is a garment worn voluntarily, and should be seen as a symbol of freedom!"
"the_donald"	"The REAL takeaway from today's hearing. People were unmasked - WHY were they unmasked? God Emperor SPEAKS!"
"the_donald"	"Breaking Update: French police are now conducting security checks around Gare du Nord."
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: \"Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!\""
"askreddit"	"Is it recommended to take an online university class whilst in highschool?"
"the_donald"	"One day, this sub will be proud of France (De Gaulle pictured)"
"the_donald"	"Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this?"
"askreddit"	"What movie character has the weirdest outfits?"
"askreddit"	"What are some great examples of paradoxes occuring?"
"gaming"	"Joe Rogan Voodoo Pu Nanny (UFC 2 Game Unlockable Character via Konami Code)"
"pics"	"A strangers reflection."
"the_donald"	"How I feel about yesterday"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump: Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!"
"askreddit"	"If a captor lets you choose between losing two random fingers, and no Internet for five years, which one is it?"
"askreddit"	"Millennials of Reddit, which of the stereotypes ARE true?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit who have won a sweepstakes, what did you win and did it live up to expectations?"
"the_donald"	"ShariaBlue is out in full force, Pedes!! POST THINGS THAT TRIGGER LIBTARDS!"
"the_donald"	"Just Canacuck stuff"
"the_donald"	"Exclusive: Roger Stone Has Documents Exposing Obama Moles Inside White House / State Department"
"pics"	"I like this photo of mine."
"funny"	"You know what else is 2.5 miles long?"
"the_donald"	"Lol look at those idiot drumpf supporters freezing in their tiny lifeboat. So what if there's no evidence about Russia yet, I'm staying with Captain Hillary on this unsinkable ship"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest thing you can get a degree in?"
"the_donald"	"The hypocrisy is palpable"
"askreddit"	"women of reddit, what is the most kinkiest thing someone ever asked you to do in bed?"
"funny"	"Sending my roommate some postcards"
"pics"	"Odell Beckham Jr infamous touchdown catch"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that use dating apps, have you ever swiped right on someone just to ask if their more attractive friend in the pictures is single? If so, how did it go?"
"askreddit"	"Americans: when abroad, have you ever pretended to be Canadian so that you could get along better with locals?"
"the_donald"	"It is dangerous to meme alone. Take this and invoke my power!"
"the_donald"	"Gramma was looking at the useless shareblue.org web page worried about health care, but according to Donna Brazille she"
"askreddit"	"What's the one thing that people often ask / say to you that really just grinds your gears?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is your favourite piece of tapestry?"
"the_donald"	"PLEASE HELP NORWAY! THE LEAST CUCKED NATION IN SCANDINAVIA NEEDS YOUR HELP!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What's the best country to move to(and why)?"
"the_donald"	"I am feeling Farage is controlled opposition. Man paraded against the EU for 25 years and when Brexit camp won, and needed him the most he made way for a woman who once praised sharia? I smell something fishy in how he's avoiding the PM race"
"the_donald"	"What is this subreddit's opinion on the upcoming net nutrality debate?"
"askreddit"	"Bartenders of Reddit, what is the most outrageous drink order you've ever filled?"
"askreddit"	"What is your #1 tip for how to spice things up or be a little spontaneous in your sex life?"
"askreddit"	"What happened with your nightmare neighbours?"
"funny"	"Great slogan for a company"
"funny"	"OH SPAGETT !"
"askreddit"	"Whats a really awful quote from a really good person?"
"askreddit"	"What conversation topic will always be a dead end?"
"funny"	"I told my kids to rake the yard and this is what I see them doing on the camera system. Now I know how they do it so fast"
"the_donald"	"Whooooooshhhhh"
"askreddit"	"What is one thing that you would like to tell the people of Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"CNN admits what we all knew long ago"
"the_donald"	"Why LePen lost"
"the_donald"	"Possible video of the incident at #GareDuNord in #Paris."
"askreddit"	"If your state/country was governed by its largest company/industry, what would it be like?"
"askreddit"	"If you were a wizard, what pranks would you play on non-wizards for fun?"
"askreddit"	"Where were you the day Skynet went live?"
"pics"	"When your town floods but you've already sent out party invites."
"the_donald"	"/r/News has Taken Down Post About Racist Harvard Graduation!"
"the_donald"	"Enough with the hagiography of Marine le Pen. She was a Putinist and an opportunist. Not a true friend of either Trump or America."
"askreddit"	"If Trump actually does a good job and doesn't get us in a war during his term, would you still hate him? If so, why?"
"askreddit"	"What do you want to like, but just can't?"
"askreddit"	"What still baffles you to this day?"
"askreddit"	"What is an everyday item you cannot live without?"
"funny"	"Buzz and Woody reminding me of my childhood on the way home from my work commute today."
"the_donald"	"Leaf learns the hard way"
"the_donald"	"No more treading on us Obi!"
"askreddit"	"What do you do when you have a coworker that constantly talks about themselves and you don't mind listening, but every time you mention anything about yourself they immediately become disengaged and don't listen or respond?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you hate your ex?"
"askreddit"	"What were some of the things you realised when you turned 30?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if your wife/husband said one of your parents names instead of yours while making love?"
"askreddit"	"What's some advice most people need, but don't want to hear?"
"gaming"	"The games I grew up with. The only missing game is Moral Kombat: Trilogy"
"pics"	"Shenandoah National Park, Sunrise"
"pics"	"The Aurora Borealis, a shooting star, the glow from sunset, and the most powerful waterfall in Europe, all in one picture."
"pics"	"Mountain Stream"
"funny"	"That awkward moment when..."
"askreddit"	"If a customer or an employee stole something from your store, what would you do in each case?"
"the_donald"	"[VIDEO] Unless we can do something about it, the West is doomed. A perfect summary of the many problems facing us today. This was buried last time, 'PEDES NEED TO SEE THIS!!!"
"pics"	"Gotham City P.D. squad car at a meet"
"pics"	"Friendship"
"askreddit"	"What tastes better in smaller portions?"
"askreddit"	"Bill Clinton is writing a book with James Patterson--what ex-president/famous author combo would have been bestseller gold?"
"gaming"	"To those of you that consistently talk online, why?"
"worldnews"	"Austrian court rules Facebook must delete hate postings worldwide"
"the_donald"	"HELLO SHILLS!!HAVE YOU SEEN THIS REASON FOR CONCERN?"
"askreddit"	"How would you like to kill yourselves if you had to and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite terrible movie?"
"the_donald"	"Based French national explains how his country's situation has been going on for over a decade"
"pics"	"MFW Mike Flynn started the LOCK HER UP chants"
"askreddit"	"What is the main reason you either still use Facebook or deleted your account?"
"askreddit"	"What was the first movie or TV show you STREAMED on Netflix, and when was it?"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest college regret?"
"funny"	"The new video by Harry Styles reminded me of something"
"gaming"	"/nsfw This is the face of a killer. A madman. And the worst part? You can't escape him while he's commuting in his private fighter jet."
"the_donald"	"Detroit is the cesspool of Michigan"
"pics"	"Came across this perfect photo opportunity when I was leaving through the golf course car park. Location: Portstewart , Northern Ireland."
"askreddit"	"What should you do when being tailgated by a cop that's just driving behind you with no lights on?"
"gaming"	"Data Transfer Kingdom Hearts 1.5 &amp; 2.5 Ps3 to PS4"
"pics"	"Daniel Tosh and Robin Williams look-alikes at my brother's graduation."
"askreddit"	"What unit(s) do you measure Reddit-time in?"
"the_donald"	"PB AND J IS ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF WHITE PRIVELAGE"
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump: The Russia-Trump Collusion story is a TOTAL HOAX, when will this Taxpayer funded charade end?"
"askreddit"	"What's would be the worst way to get to Mars?"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit, Who is your celebrity man crush?"
"the_donald"	"When did white nationalist become synonymous with white supremacist?"
"askreddit"	"What's the fastest way to make you mad?"
"askreddit"	"When dating someone, how or when do you know she/he is “the one“?"
"the_donald"	"What if all this \"Daddy/Littles\" \"Can I have daddy's cummies?\" bullshit is psyops: Mental infantilization of women, the normalization of parasitism, and the fetishization of stupidity while (badly) sexualizing the act of latching onto a man and being pampered like a beloved daughter?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's the best thing to invest $1000 in to start learning about investing?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's your favorite campfire story?"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest thing you've over heard while minding you're own business?"
"funny"	"I'm not a IT guy but they might be on to something"
"gaming"	"Is there a way to make a \"turbo key?\""
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Phonix SERIAL KILLER is Now in CUSTODY"
"askreddit"	"What is the most ridiculous reason you've ever broken up with someone or that someone broke up with you?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most underappreciated person in history and why?"
"the_donald"	"4 months ago Clapper said exactly what he said today...it was 3 agencies not 17 [48:30 of video]"
"the_donald"	"The only way to do it"
"the_donald"	"/pol/ identifies thug who assaulted elderly woman at a pool party!"
"askreddit"	"What made/helped you finally quit your bad habit/addiction? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What are you hungry for?"
"askreddit"	"Adults with severe ADHD who refuse pharmaceutical medicine, what helps?"
"the_donald"	"\"What are they saying? If we hadn't been caught lying we'd be running the country right now?\""
"the_donald"	"The Paris Gare du Nord Station evacuated; heavy police presence."
"the_donald"	"I Read All Day \"Trump Is Going To Be Impeached And Jailed.\" Just Like Hillary Will Go To Jail For Treason, Bill For Multiple Rapes, And Podesta For Child Molesting."
"askreddit"	"What questions do you think will never be answered?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst job you ever had?"
"programming"	"System.Threading.Thread, Universal Windows Platform, and the fragmentation of .NET Standard"
"the_donald"	"The UK should implode The Channel Tunnel during the Brexit festival on March 29, 2019 as a sign of independence and solidarity from the evil EU."
"pics"	"Shoe-si"
"pics"	"NA news"
"askreddit"	"You are given 100 bucks to spend at a Cali mall, excluding food what do you buy?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best tale to tell around the campfire?"
"funny"	"The most depressing Eminem listening party ever"
"worldnews"	"Polls open in South Korea presidential election - Polls have opened in South Korea's presidential election, called early after a corruption scandal that brought down President Park Geun-hye."
"the_donald"	"IT'S TIME TO END THIS CHARADE"
"the_donald"	"Guess what lefties, racial supremacism is a COLLECTIVIST ideology. We here at r/the_donald despise collectivism. 👌"
"the_donald"	"Look at DebtClock.org!!! Look how slow the federal debt is rising. I have never seen it this slow!!!"
"the_donald"	"Hacked Macron Emails Leak Online Ahead of French Presidential Runoff Election"
"pics"	"Big cat playing with its toy!"
"askreddit"	"What was your senior prank, and how did it go?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do with yourself if you had just enough money to pay for your basic needs + hobbies/fun?"
"askreddit"	"How come some people never get in to relationships, while some people don't manage to stay 1 week as a single?"
"funny"	"Arguing with a Woman"
"funny"	"Your smoking harms your children... Take that you little bastard!"
"funny"	"My uncle just sent me this picture he took leaving work in Denver"
"the_donald"	"Milo is now homophobic. Shut it down. We've been beaten"
"the_donald"	"This seems so sad &amp; empty to me--the author of this article, featured on Drudge today, thinks that religions are nothing more than virtual reality games. \"In the past, we have called these virtual reality games “religions”.'"
"the_donald"	"1000 percent sure their parents and them were Hillary supporters"
"funny"	"Ice and snow and goodness knows what"
"the_donald"	"Wouldn't Obama warning Trump about Flynn just add onto the argument that we don't trust Obama? I don't see how this is an attack against Trump."
"askreddit"	"What are the Pros &amp; Cons of your job?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] For those that have a problem with gay marriage, why do you care?"
"askreddit"	"What is a fun Co-op game that you can enjoy with friends?"
"the_donald"	"WikiLeaks: From our archives, 20 Oct 2016: \"Clinton's \"17 US intelligence agencies\" may be the biggest, most immediately disprovable wopper ever intentionally made during a debate.\""
"askreddit"	"People who have quit their job without back up plan, what happened?"
"askreddit"	"What would make for a legendary senior prank?"
"gaming"	"[Saints Row IV] Fight with a Warden ended unexpectedly."
"the_donald"	"(Just a joke.)"
"pics"	"These Floods Can't Stop Me"
"askreddit"	"What is something you did thinking it was extreme and radical but then realized everyone was doing the same?"
"askreddit"	"Where is the \"genius\" of your high school now?"
"the_donald"	"Be ready to reset the clock, something is happening in Paris right now"
"askreddit"	"Which celebrity would you take a day off work for if they died?"
"askreddit"	"Who was the most unreliable person you had to deal with?"
"pics"	"A spot close to home i enjoy viewing sometimes"
"the_donald"	"I don't know whether its funny or sad that our governor (Texas) had to establish a law to make it illegal to break the law."
"the_donald"	"When Reddit Says You're a \"Hate Sub\" But You Know You're Part of One Of The Most Love-Filled Places On The Internet."
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest thing your pet has ever done?"
"askreddit"	"Your biggest regret in life now becomes your biggest achievement and vice versa. How different is your life?"
"askreddit"	"You achieved peace of mind after years (a lifetime?) without it. How?"
"askreddit"	"What is your families dankest secret?"
"the_donald"	"I knew the left was racist against whites."
"askreddit"	"What's a secret that, if you don't reveal in the foreseeable future, could ruin you?"
"the_donald"	"Based University of Buffalo... BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST!!!"
"the_donald"	"TIL Boogie isn't actually fat. It's been fake news all along."
"pics"	"My friend Ashley &amp; her goats, which were born in Canton TX the night of the tornadoes. The baby on the right is named Twister."
"askreddit"	"What would you do with yourself or pursue if you already had enough passive income to pay for your basic needs and hobbies without necessarily needing a job?"
"the_donald"	"So Obama is being heralded for warning Trump about Flynn. If he was so presciant, why didn't he warn us all about Hillary's corruption?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most amazing piece of music you recently discovered?"
"askreddit"	"Hey reddit, what're some of your favorite apps for under 2 dollars?"
"funny"	"Look at the difference!"
"the_donald"	"When you try so hard not to elect a Trump-like candidate that you elect a white rich businessman with no politics experience."
"askreddit"	"Men who got hair implants, or tried the hair growth gels, how did that work out for you?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why is changing your thoughts more important than behavior in CBT?"
"askreddit"	"What popular thing did you hate for a long time, but eventually tried and liked?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe Has Been Feeling Real Good Since Election Day. He Started Working Out Daily, Helping At The Local Soup Kitchen, Working Toward The Big Promotion, And Triggering Cucks. Congratulations Pepe."
"pics"	"My second trip to Berlin, Germany!"
"askreddit"	"Who do you think is the most attractive man in the world?"
"askreddit"	"Why are drugs \"illegal\"?"
"funny"	"NAD Lyfe! ✊"
"funny"	"Our town's live osprey cam."
"gaming"	"Gran Turismo Sport - Willow Springs Off-Road"
"askreddit"	"Those of you who quit your job without a back up plan, what ended up happening?"
"pics"	"Fancy Dickbutt"
"askreddit"	"Reddit have any of you ever been shot? What was your initial reaction &amp; how long did it take to recover?"
"askreddit"	"What piece of advice do you give people but would never or just don't follow ?"
"askreddit"	"How do we know if a heroin overdose doesn't hurt if no one has lived to tell the tale?"
"the_donald"	"Why they say pepe is dead"
"the_donald"	"Now we officially know the NSA never had any evidence of collusion between Trump and Russia, but I'm still curious - Which 17 agencies did? Could Hillary have lied, again?"
"askreddit"	"What's your best ice-breaker/ conversation starter to engage some interesting conversation?"
"funny"	"First meme i Made in a while don't judge lol"
"askreddit"	"How would the world change if everyone found out they had two lives?"
"askreddit"	"What are some options to make your cellphone ring to a landline phone or speaker so it can be heard from multiple rooms?"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates told White House aides Flynn was a Russian blackmail risk. 18 days later, he was fired."
"the_donald"	"How much tax payer money do you think Dems are sapping into their own pockets over \"MuhRussiah\" investigation."
"pics"	"The danger of skipping breakfast... Computer science edition."
"pics"	"Goodnight sweet prince"
"askreddit"	"From your experience, how has courting a female changed over the years?"
"askreddit"	"What's the earliest internet meme you remember encountering?"
"the_donald"	"REEEEEE! WASHING MACHINES ARE RACIST!"
"funny"	"Seen hanging in a middle school science lab"
"the_donald"	"Yates admits Trump's Immigration is LEGAL, but she still doesn't give a fuck"
"gaming"	"Top 5 Favorite Final Bosses?"
"pics"	"Two fish trying to attack the other."
"pics"	"Saw this at the mall today."
"askreddit"	"What is scarier now compared to when you were a kid?"
"funny"	"i keep on sneezing gosh"
"gaming"	"The science behind the gravity gun (go to 11:14 to skip the science lesson)."
"askreddit"	"What's are the best insults to say to people who were assholes as teenagers and as adults try talking shit to you again?"
"askreddit"	"What's the first thing that comes to your mind in your own language?"
"the_donald"	"ICE: Montgomery County Releases Illegal Alien Who Stole Vehicle, Weapons Despite Deportation Detainer"
"funny"	"Stupid Carol..."
"funny"	"Short video made of Featured iFunny Memes!"
"askreddit"	"Kids in school who suddenly disappear without a trace, where did you go ?"
"the_donald"	"Mayor proposes FIRST EVER Tax on \"Rich White People\""
"the_donald"	"HELLO GEORGIA PEDES, Where is your MEME MAGIC? Save yourself from Soro’s Ossoff! PULL THE HANDEL! DIG, MEME, DIG, MEME! http://www.fec.gov/data/CandidateSummary.do?format=html"
"askreddit"	"British of Reddit, what is something you find weird that Americans do?"
"the_donald"	"All Of Pepe's Family Voted Red Come Election Except For His Uncle Gordo Pepe. Gordo Pepe Has Been To Jail 4 Times, Lives Off Welfare, And Is On The National Sex Offenders List. Uncle Gordo Pepe Is The Black Sheep Of The Family."
"askreddit"	"Why did you left Facebook?"
"the_donald"	"Ever wonder why American STEM education lacks in compare to other nations? THIS! DISMANTLE COMMON CORE!"
"the_donald"	"\"Sam Harris &amp; Andrew Sullivan Dismantle Donald Trump\" - Please Pepe tell me this is not true!"
"the_donald"	"Andrew Dice Clay BTFO CNN Host.. an oldie but a GOLDIE!"
"askreddit"	"What is something that you recently purchased because you thought it was both a good product AND a good deal?"
"pics"	"Does anyone know what this is? It was growing in the corner of my roommates room"
"the_donald"	"You guys are the laughing stock of Reddit haha"
"the_donald"	"Specific Tax on \"Rich WHITE People\" proposed by Mayor"
"askreddit"	"Water park workers of reddit, how common are NSFW wardrobe malfunctions?"
"the_donald"	"People in enough trump spam are the stupidest I've seen on reddit."
"askreddit"	"What's the best thing that's ever happened to you?"
"the_donald"	"HELLO GEORGIA PEDES, Where is your MEME MAGIC? Save yourself from Soro’s Ossoff! PULL THE HANDEL! DIG, MEME, DID, MEME! http://www.fec.gov/data/CandidateSummary.do?format=html"
"the_donald"	"After today's Congressional hearings, it looks like the biggest complaint against President Trump is the Democrat he put in his Cabinet."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Law Enforcement and other professionals in dangerous lines of work, what was the most frightening thing that happened on the job?"
"askreddit"	"Democrats and republicans, what's your favorite meal and movie?"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddit is the most toxic?"
"gaming"	"New to Dark Souls need recommendations"
"gaming"	"Gran Turismo Sport - Willow Springs Off Road"
"the_donald"	"I was looking logging onto TD last night around 12:00am using the Reddit app. The search bar said ~27,000 online users at the time... the page said only ~9,000. I thought I'd report that, I found it interesting."
"the_donald"	"Pepe is Another Victim of Crooked Hillary"
"the_donald"	"&lt;----- The rest of Reddit"
"askreddit"	"You can take the place of any US President between 1800 and 1860. Who do you replace to prevent the Civil War?"
"askreddit"	"Greg's that were high during the Last Week Tonight Episode \"Marijuana\", how did you feel?"
"the_donald"	"Aaaaaaaaaand"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion of people who say they have seen an angel?"
"funny"	"My parents aren't home"
"programming"	"C# code formatting settings in VS Code and OmniSharp"
"the_donald"	"In order to skirt a UN weapons embargo on Libya, Barack Obama partnered with Qatar to funnel weapons to ISIS. Learn all about it."
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what to do the last day of holidays ?"
"funny"	"Thanks Shäd for the awesome art"
"gaming"	"Satisfying Ninja! (x-post from r/Titanfall)"
"the_donald"	"Trump is America's president! The hatred and contempt directed at Trump is how these people feel about the average American.....Remember that"
"the_donald"	"OH SHIT RARE ANTI_MATTER PEPE"
"askreddit"	"What's the most emotionally healing song you know?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst Reddit post you've ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"Realizing the truth about reddit."
"the_donald"	"I am starting to believe in reparations, starting with the descendants of the Mejica (Aztecs) for all the human sacrifices they imposed on the neighboring tribes who allied with Cortes."
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES WITHIN US ALL FOREVER (praise KEK)"
"askreddit"	"What life decision has made you the happiest?"
"gaming"	"Solo Destiny/Raid Necessity?"
"gaming"	"Techland Created an Amazing Authentic Feeling World in Dying Light. (OC done by me)"
"the_donald"	"Dear God, it's worse than we had thought, they are turning the Syrian refugees into WEEBS"
"askreddit"	"What is your families dankest secret?"
"askreddit"	"Visiting girlfriend for the first time, took a dump, but no toilet paper. What to do?"
"askreddit"	"How would you irresponsibly use a time machine?"
"gaming"	"Just found this at Wal-Mart. Couldn't leave it there..."
"the_donald"	"Liberals right now"
"pics"	"This goose thinks he owns the place."
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite smackdown in a movie or show?"
"the_donald"	"You're on your own France!!"
"askreddit"	"What is the most real-sounding made up story you can come up with?"
"the_donald"	"Seattle Mayor Ped Murray will NOT seek re-election!"
"askreddit"	"If the \"symptoms\" of when you're sick are really just your body trying to fight off the infection..would it be better to not take medicines that suppress those symptoms?"
"funny"	"Steven Seagal Outed for Justice"
"worldnews"	"Bounty leading to arrest of ISIS-linked Abu Sayyaf Commander Alhabsy Misaya given to Philippine tipster"
"the_donald"	"Help! I Need A Pepe Expert To Authenticate This \"Rare Pepe\" I Acquired Earlier Today."
"pics"	"The smoke cloud from the Okefenokee West Mims Fire blocks out the sun in Jacksonville Florida. So far, 133,744 acres have burned."
"funny"	"Classic."
"the_donald"	"FRANCE 1940 vs FRANCE 2017"
"pics"	"Sun and moon...lucky"
"funny"	"100% eyes. Don't worry. It's sterile. (Dollar Tree)"
"the_donald"	"Muslim records Himself RIGGING the ELECTION by forcibly Removing the Le Pen voting option"
"askreddit"	"What is one small thing you do to make the world a better place?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most insensitive, yet accidental thing that you've said to someone?"
"askreddit"	"Those of you that live in small towns. What is your towns dark secret?"
"worldnews"	"Attorneys: Giant rabbit may have died while locked in freezer by United employees after flight"
"askreddit"	"What are the most ridiculous names you can think of?"
"the_donald"	"France 2017"
"askreddit"	"What is the minimum a politician would have to do to justify killing them?"
"the_donald"	"Ted Cruz GRILLS Sally Yates on Trump immigration EO"
"funny"	"Purchased a big bag of starburst."
"worldnews"	"Bermuda gay couple clear legal hurdle in fight to wed"
"askreddit"	"If you had to describe your personality as a sandwich, what sandwich would you be?"
"the_donald"	"&gt;TFW you fake your own death to become a rare Pepe and you still end up dying in the end."
"worldnews"	"Bounty leading to Philippine raid that killed ISIS-linked Abu Sayyaf Commander Alhabsy Misaya given to tipster"
"the_donald"	"LIVE: Donald Trump Jr. makes remarks at the Indiana Republican Party's Annual Spring Dinner in downtown Indianapolis"
"the_donald"	"Armed police at Gare du Nord in Paris as station evacuated."
"the_donald"	"Based University of Buffalo... BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST!!!"
"askreddit"	"Hello Reddit 😊 Where to buy high-quality men's suits online?"
"askreddit"	"What's your worst experience at a hotel?"
"gaming"	"ＤＯＮＫＥＹ ＫＯＮＧ ＣＯＵＮＴＲＹ.ＥＸＥ | ＶａｐｏＲＵＢ"
"askreddit"	"Those who have moved to another country, what was the biggest challenge you faced?"
"pics"	"What kind of fish is this. Caught of coast North Carolina"
"askreddit"	"What tv shows have excellent writing, but are steal easy to follow?"
"askreddit"	"What are some great hobbies you can pick up with your SO/BFF?"
"askreddit"	"How has having or not having siblings affected you?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best alternative fact?"
"the_donald"	"EU EXPLAINED (it's layers and layers of beauracratic bollocks) BREXIT THE MOVIE"
"the_donald"	"PEPE - WE HAVE THE MEMES"
"askreddit"	"What driving behaviors annoy you the most?"
"askreddit"	"What is your odd habit?"
"askreddit"	"What did you wish for when told to blow out the candles and make a wish?"
"funny"	"Pepe?"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan says US debates over Jerusalem embassy move 'wrong'"
"funny"	"Anyone allergic to Filbert?"
"the_donald"	"Yates Admits Defying Executive Order Partly 'as a Policy Matter'...GOP Smackdown: ‘Who appointed you to the Supreme Court?’"
"the_donald"	"Know this, know it well, and never, EVER forget. Memorial Day approaches. We ARE the children of the Patriots before us. World-wide Memorials Map | American Battle Monuments Commission (Lest we forget.)"
"the_donald"	"There are so many incidents they start to blend together. Stay vigilant and keep dropping those redpills!"
"the_donald"	"Hey Congress - nobody thinks Russia hacked jack shit."
"the_donald"	"Has Anyone Noticed How Poorly Designed The Obama Foundation Website Is?"
"the_donald"	"FBI Study: Police Scared, Demoralized, Less Proactive Due to Anti-Cop Activism"
"askreddit"	"If you could pick one household chore for someone else to do for the rest of your life, what would you choose?"
"the_donald"	"BASED Krauthammer: Obama's Comments On Obamacare \"Complete Moral Condescension\"; \"Good Riddance\""
"pics"	"Double Standard"
"askreddit"	"What 5 movie characters would you put in your own movie?"
"askreddit"	"A list of every post you've ever upvoted or downvoted gets leaked to the public. How much trouble are you in with your SO?"
"gaming"	"What do you guys think about prey so far? It started off really cool, but now I kinda just feel like it's all find your way into this room and that room and repeat and repeat."
"funny"	"Not me, guy in my college sent this to the University Snapchat"
"the_donald"	"Very rare portrait of Pepe Washington! Do not steal!!!"
"askreddit"	"People who live in tiny apartments(below 20m2/200ft2), how do you manage it and what tricks do you use to make use of every square centimeter/inch?"
"askreddit"	"What year was the prime of your life and why?"
"gaming"	"ps tv help, where do you enter the device setup password"
"the_donald"	"Police are Scared, Demoralized, and Less Proactive due to ANTI-POLICE Activism"
"the_donald"	"An Accurate Representation of Left Wing Woes."
"the_donald"	"Liberal Projection is strong at the Sally Yates hearing. Basically Clapper and Yates (more her than him) claim Gen. Flynn is guilty of everything Hillary has done in her dealings with the Russians. Fascinating."
"askreddit"	"Gamers of reddit. If you could meet for coffee with any character from a game who would it be and why ?"
"pics"	"Riverside Cemetery, Moline, IL"
"the_donald"	"Sorry France - NO REFUNDS. Massive police operation underway at Paris' Gare du Nord station"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddit has the worst up-voting culture? Why?"
"the_donald"	"Test (ignore this)"
"the_donald"	"MADAM BEEF"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit: What's the most dangerous thing you allow your children to do, despite the risks?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best show on Netflix in your opinion?"
"funny"	"Reserved a compact car in Amish country"
"the_donald"	"Wikileaks with the bantz."
"askreddit"	"Wipe to the front or Wipe to the back? Which is the right way?"
"funny"	"I hate Chihuahuas"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates Lectures Ted Cruz on How Trump Can't Refuse Refugees... Said Nothing When Obama Refused Refugees"
"the_donald"	"NOT SUSPICIOUS AT ALL🐸☕️"
"askreddit"	"Who made the best cameo in a movie?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do once, but not twice?"
"askreddit"	"What do you always get at what restaurant?"
"the_donald"	"After the French election, this is more relevant than ever: PRESIDENT Donald Trump - \"The Vicious Snake\""
"askreddit"	"In your opinion, what's the best thing to come out of Kickstarter?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who have learned to speak Spanish as a second language, what are your tips for those who are trying to learn to speak it?"
"gaming"	"Call of Duty: WWII Trailer Breakdown (PARODY)"
"gaming"	"Geralt of Rivia: Breath of the Wild"
"pics"	"I get to make art for my local theater, here's my chalk drawing for Alien."
"askreddit"	"A zombie apocalypse actually happens. Where are you hiding out, and why?"
"the_donald"	"Lord Kek (Provably Rare Blockchain Pepe) sells for $6300"
"askreddit"	"What should every electrical engineer know?"
"askreddit"	"People who have met/known people with some type of amnesia (retrograde or anterograde), or even have it yourself. What is it like? How has the person, or how have you changed?"
"askreddit"	"Surgeons of reddit, what's the funniest thing a patient said\did before they went under?"
"gaming"	"Over Tactical [Intruder]"
"askreddit"	"What is the dumbest reason why you got downvoted?"
"askreddit"	"Will the meaning of \"playing a trump card\" change? If so, what will it change to?"
"gaming"	"Game Dev Alignments"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Those who have achieved higher education, why do you work in a job that you are over qualified for?"
"askreddit"	"All fuel in the world has disappeared, and you have one last full tank in your vehicle . Without selling it, how do you spend it?"
"funny"	"Tough times"
"funny"	"Saw my friends blue suede shoes and couldn't help myself."
"the_donald"	"This is how liberal's and the \"resitance\" (tm) view themselves"
"the_donald"	"Threat of Homegrown Extremism Mounting in the U.S."
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Insurance claim adjusters, what are some of the dumbest scams people have tried?"
"the_donald"	"Cucks, love it or leave it"
"pics"	"Old Coca-Cola bottling facility"
"the_donald"	"/r/WtSSTaDaMiT"
"the_donald"	"Trump nominating TEN Conservative Judges to federal courts"
"askreddit"	"You will die in 14 days. In the last 7 days, you are immortal and feel no pain. How do you prepare, and what do you do?"
"funny"	"I don't remember this episode of Friends"
"pics"	"Our newest employee.."
"askreddit"	"What are some unspoken rules of the grocery store?"
"funny"	"Me always"
"the_donald"	"Dear Matt Furie, 'creator' of Pepe:"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst pain you've ever experienced?"
"the_donald"	"&gt;TFW your bro Gamakichi calls out of work and you have to sub for him."
"askreddit"	"Which subreddits have incredible CSS?"
"funny"	"Above the Law?: Ukraine Outs Steven Seagal For Justice"
"the_donald"	"US regulator website hacked after TV host comments - Breitbart"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper: Intel Community 'Unmasked' 1,934 U.S. Persons in 2016"
"the_donald"	"this /pol/ thread hit me right in the feels; tfw we don't live in a high trust society"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit, do you discipline your kids for bad grades and if so, how do you do it?"
"the_donald"	"THE MAGIC WAND: Jewish Leader Close To Trump Says President Has Persuaded Abbas To Make Concessions to Israel"
"pics"	"Happy Birthday Bud!"
"pics"	"This tree is eating the speed limit sign"
"askreddit"	"What is the first thing not related to education or your career that you put/would put on your resume?"
"askreddit"	"What fact that was believed to be debunked later turned out to be true after all?"
"the_donald"	"EPSK (Every Pede Should Know!): Memorial Day - Wikipedia"
"askreddit"	"What quality or skill would you bring to your sense8 cluster?"
"gaming"	"New Steam update will now give you precise reasons for a game recommendation"
"the_donald"	"Hey Yates and Clapper - maybe the reason Trump didn't take you seriously about Flynn is because you made up a proven lie about Trump colluding with Russia and because the Flynn Russian connection is not real. Ya think!?"
"askreddit"	"You, standing on top of a pier overlooking the ocean, feel sick. You decide to vomit over the pier-side, accidentally puking on top of some nuns. What do you do?"
"the_donald"	"In order to skirt a UN weapons embargo on Libya, Barack Obama partnered with Qatar to funnel weapons to ISIS. Learn all about it. • r/The_Donald"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates, when asked by SEN Lindsay Graham, about how many genders there are."
"the_donald"	"How many Trump supporters here have clone accounts on VOAT?"
"the_donald"	"Democrat Exposes How the DNC is Out of Touch and Blames Others for All their Failures"
"the_donald"	"Since Paris's Gare du Nord Station was evacuated let's be reminded that for Macron, Terrorism is ‘Part of Our Daily Lives for Years to Come’"
"askreddit"	"If you were randomly plopped down in 400AD england, what would you teach them to advance civilization (and without being labelled a witch)?"
"the_donald"	"Hey Boogie2988: you make at least $1,380,000/year. Stop crying about Obamacare."
"the_donald"	"I demand a nonpartisan commission to find out who assassinated PEPE!"
"askreddit"	"What stores would be the most successful if they sold you their customer service instead of their products?"
"askreddit"	"How rude is it to read/watch/ listen to something at the dinner table?"
"askreddit"	"Artists of Reddit, what is/was your bad art habit?"
"gaming"	"Classic Sonic The Hedgehog 1 (1991) zones reimagined in 3D"
"the_donald"	"Macron: Terrorism ‘Part of Our Daily Lives for Years to Come’"
"the_donald"	"Matt Furie, 'creator' of Pepe, you cannot kill Pepe - if he kills you first! :)"
"the_donald"	"Waaaaaaaaaa! The GOP Will Kill Everyone!!!"
"gaming"	"Any guesses on the Scorpio price?"
"the_donald"	"We need to let the refugees in."
"the_donald"	"Liberal activist judge gives African immigrant a 364 day sentence in armed robbery so that he can't be deported. He then murdered two doctors in Boston. LIBERALS ARE KILLING US!"
"askreddit"	"What is the most romantic marriage proposal you know of?"
"the_donald"	"Politically correct cucks force our nominee, Green, into withdrawing for saying the truth — that transgenderism is a MENTAL ILLNESS."
"the_donald"	"Maybe, Just Maybe, It Is Because KEK Wills It."
"pics"	"Wilson &amp; Banner, together forever - seen in Centennial Park ATL GA"
"askreddit"	"What experience felt life changing the first time, and let you down the second time?"
"askreddit"	"You are thrown into a random time in history with nothing but the clothes on you and a book of your choice. Which book would you take?"
"askreddit"	"What's a time when you joined a group activity and had it go badly or not as expected?"
"funny"	"We won't jerk you around."
"askreddit"	"What was the hardest decision you had to make in your life and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's your best \"unexpected NSFW\" story?"
"askreddit"	"What can make your day?"
"funny"	"A time before PC culture"
"funny"	"I'm pretty sure a Serial Killer lives in this house..."
"the_donald"	"Behold your next president! Zuckerberg tries to act like a normie, build empathy with voters, in preparation for his future ascension to public office."
"the_donald"	"I present to you, my 4 month long conversation with what I describe as the most insufferable, liberal, douche pile of shit on the planet. (click to zoom in) Enjoy."
"askreddit"	"What do you think about the pre-existing conditions/no coverage issues with Trumpcare? Will it make it through the Senate?"
"the_donald"	"Contributing to any other subreddit after you've been RES tagged as a Trump supporter."
"pics"	"Not me, but a guy in my college sent this to the University Snapchat"
"askreddit"	"When did you know you were in love with your significant other?"
"funny"	"An interesting choice to hang on the bathroom walls"
"askreddit"	"What are you looking behind you for?"
"the_donald"	"Obamacare is dying in Maryland too, and it isn't Trump's or Republicans' fault"
"askreddit"	"What's it being a male cheerleader?"
"askreddit"	"What subreddits get you put on a list for visiting them?"
"the_donald"	"CUCK CONVO - He never responded to my last message."
"the_donald"	"RRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
"the_donald"	"We're Not Done Yet... But it's time to take a look in the mirror."
"askreddit"	"Why did you leave Facebook?"
"the_donald"	"Obi Wan Pepe - \"If You Strike Me Down...\""
"askreddit"	"What would you do for a million dollars?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Obama funded Islamic TERRORISM with over $600,000,000"
"funny"	"Cara Delevingne is an alien, confirmed"
"askreddit"	"How did you connect to the internet in the early 00's?"
"askreddit"	"What's your opinion on the simulation theory? Are we living in the Matrix?"
"askreddit"	"Ok, going to bed. What is a good message to read on Reddit first thing in the morning?"
"the_donald"	"In honor of Macron winning, I thought I'd post this tutorial to the French on how to make their own flag. Wave it with pride. You all earned it!"
"pics"	"Thought a hand-made card would be better than a gift card"
"askreddit"	"Why are our beds more comfy when we wake up?"
"funny"	"My wife opened her fortune cookie and started laughing saying how dirty it is..."
"pics"	"Dream big"
"askreddit"	"What are some great subreddits to follow?"
"askreddit"	"You just walked away from the grill with your hamburger and are at the table with the toppings. What do you put on your hamburger?"
"gaming"	"I found Trevor's (GTA V) ancestor in RDR."
"gaming"	"Favorite Games?"
"the_donald"	"Just a throwback to 2016 for you older pedes"
"the_donald"	"Libtards: Expectation vs. Reality"
"the_donald"	"Marine Le Pen concession speech after losing French presidential election (English dubbed) - GRACEFUL, COURTEOUS, AND MATURE - TAKE NOTE, SORE LOSER HILLARY!!!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What was your most satisfying real life math moment?"
"askreddit"	"If you could only listen to one band and you only had the option of CCR or The Eagles, which would you choose and why?"
"the_donald"	"ESPN Bending Knees?"
"askreddit"	"What happened when a crush crushed your spirit?"
"askreddit"	"Who can do the best r/Iamverysmart impression?"
"the_donald"	"LEAKED PICTURE OF FRANCE'S NEWEST LEADER HARD AT WORK!"
"askreddit"	"With reference to yourself, what is a truth... or a lie?"
"the_donald"	"We'll take you in, Pepe. And you will be better than ever before!"
"askreddit"	"What would happen if you dressed up for every occasion?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's your opinion of Indian accents?"
"the_donald"	"Support your local Sheriff's office - Get out and volunteer!! Get connected to your community!!! #MAGA!!!!!!!!!!"
"the_donald"	"Venezuela Continues to Collapse Due to Socialism and Central Planning"
"the_donald"	"Muslim Man found keeping SEX SLAVE in his Home and Abusing Her in \"unspeakable ways\""
"pics"	"Picture of my dog at one of Savannah's many parks"
"askreddit"	"What's the most believable lie you've ever heard?"
"funny"	"Found this little guy at my college"
"the_donald"	"Trump on removing Affirmative Action?"
"the_donald"	"I never gave a shit about anyone's race, gender, or ethnicity, until the Left demanded it."
"the_donald"	"Believe me. You allow liberals to remove history once, what will stop them from removing relics of the founding fathers??"
"askreddit"	"What are some good new alternative rock bands?"
"askreddit"	"Those who have gone on Speed-Dates, how was it and did it turn into thing more?"
"the_donald"	"Remember when Reddit Shutdown the sub PizzaGate? Pepe remembers. Child porn site had 100K users... 350 U.S. arrests, 25 producers, 51 abusers, 55 children ID'd or rescued, 548 international arrests, and 296 children ID'd or rescued. ROUND THEM UP BOYS!"
"the_donald"	"RIP GLASS CEILING- Angela Merkel is the first woman ever to be elected leader of two countries!"
"askreddit"	"what are some fitness/ nutrition myths?"
"askreddit"	"What is your mundane addiction?"
"the_donald"	"Antifa doing what it does best... Acting as a racist, fascist group of emotionally delicate twats who can't deal with people who aren't cis white men, yet hold the same ideals as their opposition."
"funny"	"Please stop being handicapped when boarding this ride."
"the_donald"	"Obi Wan Pepe - \"If You Strike Me Down...\""
"the_donald"	"Why does an individual who has been arrested for child trafficking work for a company that issues Amber Alerts? Why did Hillary Clinton help her get released?"
"pics"	"Clever Disney"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite Fuck You songs?"
"worldnews"	"Suicide online: Facebook aims to save lives with new actions"
"askreddit"	"What name would you change your last name into?"
"askreddit"	"What is your college infamous for?"
"askreddit"	"How can one fuck Charlie Hunnam?"
"funny"	"In case you did not know about \"Le Tampon\" here is \"Le Tampon\""
"funny"	"Woody Says Something Wacky!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Which should happen first, \"I love you\" or living together?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that work 4 days a week, what's it like?"
"funny"	"Dads: The Band"
"the_donald"	"MeanWhile in Russia...Liberals"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite power-song?"
"gaming"	"The Binding of Piesaac"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is not dead! Hillary's political career on the other hand..."
"the_donald"	"'Who Appointed You to the Supreme Court?': Senator Grills Yates For Defying Trump Travel Ban"
"askreddit"	"Hybrid drivers of Reddit: How much do you enjoy the smell of your own farts?"
"askreddit"	"How many times have you been rejected thought-out your life?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, How did you meet your best friend?"
"the_donald"	"The French may have been cucked, but the Anglosphere remains as strong as ever."
"askreddit"	"When did you notice something was mentally or physically wrong with a relative or loved one? What ended up happening?"
"funny"	"Real life music telegram suprises wife."
"worldnews"	"Brazilian city declares emergency over Venezuelan migrants"
"askreddit"	"Parents, what are some of your kids favorite shows that you enjoy watching yourself?"
"the_donald"	"MFW I just spent my work day listening to a full 10 hours of Donald Trump - Never Come Down"
"askreddit"	"How is babby formed?"
"askreddit"	"What do you believe will happen after you die?"
"the_donald"	"ATTENTION, PEDES! WE'RE BEING BRIGADED AND ATTACKED FOR NOT FOLLOWING THE NARRATIVE! QUICK, POST SOMETHING THAT OFFENDS THE SHILLS!"
"the_donald"	"Antifa comes for Proud Boys' coffee and MAGA hats, leaves with bruises"
"the_donald"	"Fox News Research: TX Immigration Court Backlog, FY17 •98.9K pending cases (17% of US cases) •87% involve Central Americans •Avg wait for 1st hearing: 767 days"
"the_donald"	"Sad."
"pics"	"Feb. 28th, 2017 at 1:08 PM"
"the_donald"	"Your 6 Month Reminder"
"askreddit"	"What have you bought that you thought you'd enjoy, but turns out was just a waste of money?"
"askreddit"	"What epiphany does everyone has at some point in life?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates Lectures Ted Cruz on How Trump Can’t Refuse Refugees… Said Nothing When Obama Refused Refugees"
"askreddit"	"What is the most beautiful piece of music you've ever heard?"
"funny"	"Outed for Justice: Why Steven Seagal was kicked out of the Ukraine"
"the_donald"	"Estimated Cost of K-12 Public Education for Unaccompanied Alien Minors"
"askreddit"	"[serious] Why do you believe in/ not believe in traditional family roles?"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit: what have you used instead of a \"cum sock\" ?"
"the_donald"	"Megadeth predicts the future"
"the_donald"	"[Shower thought] - Macron might be the first French President in history to have to split time between the Élysée Palace and a nursing home"
"askreddit"	"What's a small (under $30) life enhancement you've discovered that many people are unaware of?"
"funny"	"Unacceptable on r/thathappened. Best worst excuse I've seen."
"the_donald"	"Just me and my white supremacist dad. Totally not asians."
"askreddit"	"What are some common misconceptions about where you live?"
"funny"	"These just lined up too well"
"askreddit"	"What does the person, who annoys you, do?"
"askreddit"	"What should have hurt way more than it actually did?"
"the_donald"	"i aM tHe COOkiE monSTer pEPe. gImME uR COOOKIES"
"askreddit"	"What do you always dream of doing for someone special, even though you can't?"
"the_donald"	"As you can tell, France made the right choice... obviously."
"askreddit"	"Why arent' anybody doing this grammer better at English when like me?"
"askreddit"	"How and why do you downplay your social status?"
"askreddit"	"What's the nicest interaction you've had on Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"It's pretty sad to see the American Leftists celebrating Macron's win. I saw one post that said he will support a \"more open and healthy France\". Delusional."
"the_donald"	"The Senate has confirmed @HeatherAnWilson as the next Secretary of the Air Force"
"gaming"	"We've all died to it...plenty."
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite alteration of a swear?"
"the_donald"	"Senator Blumenthal (D-Connecticut) try to frame Breitbart and Infowars of being russian propaganda arms and wants Jail time for them...WTF"
"gaming"	"This Is Shoji Meguro // Codex Entry"
"askreddit"	"What requirement would someone have to fulfill to become best friends with you?"
"askreddit"	"What did you do today to make somebodys day a little bit easier/better?"
"gaming"	"Would you like to see a \"comeback\" of the RTS Genre?"
"askreddit"	"Small people of reddit, what are problems big people have that don't effect you?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]People who have had or have a partner who has had an abortion. How did the experience impact you and or your relationship?"
"the_donald"	"Next scandal: Spicer misspells \"Senate\" in his tweet"
"askreddit"	"When (if ever) did you put yourself in the throw-away bad guys shoes in a movie (figuratively speaking)? If so, which movie and how did you \"respond\"?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst experience you've ever had with the travel industry?"
"the_donald"	"YOU KNOW HIS NAME! HIS MURDER IS UNSOLVED!"
"askreddit"	"You are standing in front of 1000 complete strangers who are all looking at you. What do you do that will make them applaud within 60 seconds?"
"askreddit"	"How would you have improved the worst season or your favourite show?"
"the_donald"	"70K Anti-Trump Activists Sign ‘Liberation’ Pledge Demanding Reparations, Open Borders, Defunding Of Military"
"pics"	"Double rainbow!!"
"askreddit"	"What's the most insane conspiracy theory you've ever heard?"
"the_donald"	"I'm so glad I get to use this image for the next 4 years!!!!!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you've caught your SO doing?"
"funny"	"Got a new American Eagle shirt. Was not disappointed."
"the_donald"	"Liberal MELTDOWN over Kentucky Stakes race winner named ‘limousine liberal’ (So, this happened lel - Someone get a horse named Pepe)"
"askreddit"	"Public transit-ers, what's the weirdest thing you've seen on your commute?"
"askreddit"	"What is the honest reason most people upvote/downvote(obviously it's not whether it contributes to discussion or not)?"
"the_donald"	"🚨🚨 YATES ADMITS POLITICAL ANGLE!!! THIS IS NOT A DRILL! RED ALERT 🚨🚨"
"the_donald"	"Estimated Cost of K-12 Public Education for Unaccompanied Alien Minors"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How do you deal with parents that don't want to understand mental health and criticize?"
"askreddit"	"If you could turn back time just once, what would you do differently?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most obvious lie someone has told you that you called them out on, and how did they react?"
"the_donald"	"The S.S. Obamacare.....give it time, it will work"
"askreddit"	"What are some under appreciated animals?"
"the_donald"	"Macron told the French people to accept terrorism as part of their daily life and now they will feel the consequences."
"askreddit"	"Dabbers of Reddit. Just, fucking why? You realise you look like a complete fuck nugget right?"
"the_donald"	"Remember when the Canadian Immigration Site crashed when Trump won? Good times."
"askreddit"	"What drugs should be legal?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest thing a kid has said to you?"
"funny"	"Well duh"
"the_donald"	"Legacy Media Persists in Fixating on Trump's Pre-Political Investment Deals. Styx nails it!"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS: FAMOUS KEKISTANI CELEBRITY PEPE NARROWLY SURVIVES ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT"
"askreddit"	"What do you do to pass time in class?"
"askreddit"	"What's a reoccurring joke topic in stand up that's so played out?"
"gaming"	"Hey guys, I found Bastion"
"the_donald"	"@WikiLeaks: 3,490 Fake News stories that reported that \"17 intelligence agencies\" made US Election hacking report when only 3 did"
"askreddit"	"What positive impact to humans have on the planet?"
"the_donald"	"Laws will be enforced whether you like it or not liberal trash. Deal with it. Or GTFO"
"askreddit"	"What is something worth less than the sum of its parts?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Pedophiles of Reddit, how has your name altered your life?"
"the_donald"	"Looking for the healthcare breakdown"
"askreddit"	"What was the stingiest thing you have ever done or witnessed?"
"the_donald"	"WikiLeaks - Obama's CIA espionage orders for the 2012 French presidential election"
"the_donald"	"President Trump Names 10 Nominees for Federal Courts"
"the_donald"	"Get ready. Obvious Typo by our Spicey Press Sec and the left goes nuts."
"gaming"	"Shiny's PUBG Highlights #1"
"askreddit"	"When have you told someone \"I told you so\"?"
"worldnews"	"Black grad students at Harvard to hold own commencement ceremony - The Boston Globe"
"the_donald"	"Nous sommes faim"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who watch anime, what are your favorites scenes from anime?"
"askreddit"	"What's the strangest thing you've overheard someone say to themselves?"
"the_donald"	"Waitress FIRED for REFUSING to serve Trump Supporters"
"the_donald"	"Need an artistic 'pede. Need a picture of a design for an anti-terrorist weapon. Combine a hand grenade, with an anal suppository. Insert into European goats. Win!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] why does ebony porn have the most views?"
"funny"	"Only for emergencies"
"the_donald"	"As a Trump supporting gay man w/both left &amp; right leanings, I'm so sick &amp; tired of being labeled a homophobe, white supremacist, etc. by people who ought to understand from 1st-hand experience what it's like to be under fire for living a life others disapprove of. Where are my based gays &amp; lesbians?"
"pics"	"Always wear protection."
"askreddit"	"What is the best second job that is not physically demanding?"
"the_donald"	"Movie Marketing To Brad Pitt: ‘Remove the Flag. It’s Not a Good Sell Here’"
"askreddit"	"If you only had $5, what would you buy?"
"askreddit"	"To all my fellow Redditors who have friends/family in prison, what do you normally give them for their birthdays?"
"the_donald"	"Healthcare is a right! reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"
"askreddit"	"Male masturbators of Reddit: What's your technique, and do you believe it to be unique?"
"the_donald"	"Original Muslim ban erased from Trump campaign website"
"the_donald"	"Macron Snubs French National Anthem, Walks Out to EU Song Instead after Win — Hahahaha the cuckery is so bad. Their new president won't even play the French anthem."
"askreddit"	"What's the furthest your manager/higher up has gone out of their way for?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think is a good minor for Electrical Engineering?"
"funny"	"He finally admitted it."
"the_donald"	"From /pol. Rigged France election!"
"the_donald"	"Where's the riots after the French election? Oh wait... it's only leftists that do that"
"pics"	"Kurt Russell is the love child of Robin Williams and Jeff Bridges"
"pics"	"Hey Reddit, I found your store"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way to cope with the stress of exams?"
"the_donald"	"Lmao. Clapper was hilarious only 3 agencies made Russian assessment."
"askreddit"	"What does a straight girl mean when she say's she has foot fetish?"
"funny"	"Friendship..."
"the_donald"	"General, I am willing to join you to defeat Islamic radicals and drive them out of Paris but I apologize if I slap a cuck in the face if I see one. I think those responsible for this need to be imprisoned as well."
"askreddit"	"Where were you the last time you stepped in dog shit?"
"the_donald"	"A cuckibitch used this as a source.. Wikipedia the hivemind of all fake news"
"askreddit"	"Gamers of Reddit, what simple or obvious things in a game did you not figure out how to do until later?"
"the_donald"	"\"The Clintons never met a foreign donour they didn't like.\" --Christopher Hitchens"
"gaming"	"In a rut Skyrim and New Vegas can't cure. Looking for an rpg or rts title similar to Mount&amp;Blade: Warband. Suggestions?"
"the_donald"	"Fitzgerald: ‘Ugly’ Americans display disdain for Trump"
"the_donald"	"This was taken after Le Pen won the first round of the French Election. Liberals use the same \"become ungovernable\" here in the US. It's almost like there's a globalist cabal trying to destroy our countries running an international script."
"funny"	"This was outside a local Gelato shop..."
"askreddit"	"What brand/company does Reddit hate that you actually like?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How did you recover from an abusive relationship with a parent?"
"pics"	"God Dammit they're right"
"askreddit"	"Do you share a bank account with your spouse? Why/why not?"
"askreddit"	"What movie looks like stupid bullshit, but you'll watch it anyways?"
"askreddit"	"Guys, what do you think of high waisted bikinis?"
"the_donald"	"Harvard University Holds Black Only Graduation Ceremony, What if It Were White Only?"
"the_donald"	"Bloomberg Politics asks strange question: \"Can a North Korean missile hit the White House?\""
"the_donald"	"Trump Nominates Ten Conservatives to be Federal Judges"
"the_donald"	"POTUS nominates new wave of conservative judges"
"askreddit"	"How DID the joker get his scars?"
"funny"	"Uber driver took the scenic route"
"funny"	"This is how mermaids are made... I think. Slightly nsfw"
"askreddit"	"Men of reddit, what are you not ashamed to admit?"
"askreddit"	"When has one person made a difference?"
"the_donald"	"Pretty much my reaction to every Islamic attack in France now the election is over."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What, in your opinion, is the most convincing photo captured of something supernatural?"
"the_donald"	"Lads, it's almost Tucker time!"
"the_donald"	"He has risen!"
"funny"	"To the guy with the Disney fan wife. My girl does the same thing."
"the_donald"	"A 'Color Revolution' Is Now Underway in the United States"
"askreddit"	"What is the craziest/most insane thing you've ever witnessed at a party?"
"the_donald"	"Hypocrisy at it's finest! Articles are back to back on Snapchat."
"pics"	"Perfect shadow on a drum"
"funny"	"MVP of the century"
"the_donald"	"B-bu-bu-but Al Gore told me global warming was gonna make droughts."
"askreddit"	"As someone who has a slight speech impediment, what can be done to help it?"
"funny"	"Nice try udi's"
"the_donald"	"September 2016: Hillary declares war on Pepe (this is not a shop, btw)"
"askreddit"	"When do you feel old; when do you feel too young?"
"gaming"	"Heart wrenching dilemma"
"askreddit"	"You suddenly get 20 million dollars but the catch is you only have 6 months to live. What do you do with it?"
"askreddit"	"What are some bad things from the 80's and 90's that nostalgia forgets?"
"the_donald"	"The new cuisine from Paris unveiled: Jihad Fries"
"funny"	"Thanks, Alumni Recruiter! I'll start applying RIGHT away!"
"pics"	"Water Tower Leak"
"askreddit"	"What is the best/most accurate under $100 fitness tracker with display screen (used primarily for step counting)?"
"askreddit"	"What is the one intolerable thing that makes you lose your social poise?"
"the_donald"	"MARK DICE DESTROYS MTV: MTV IS CULTURAL CANCER AND A VESSEL THE LEFTISTS ARE NOW USING TO MAKE MENTAL ILLNESS GO MAINSTREAM"
"the_donald"	"Global Warming ends droughts! Saves lives of Starving African Children!"
"the_donald"	"Shepard Fairey (Obama \"Hope\" artist) is completely cucked. His new print calls out Trump for Xenophobia against muslims w/ talk of Japanese internment camps, but fails to mention that Japanese immigration policy doesn't allow Muslims/Islam. The left is so uninformed...by choice!"
"askreddit"	"Look to your left, what will kill you? Look to your right, what will save you?"
"askreddit"	"Chefs and other cooks of Reddit, what foods will you not eat for reasons other than allergies?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst case of SJW you have seen?"
"the_donald"	"Outrageous! Mountain Dew's \"DEW-S-A\" product supports Alt-Right fascists!"
"askreddit"	"What is the craziest dare you have ever done?"
"funny"	"Getting home totally stoned, parents asking for the best way to launch a 90 kg projectile over 300 meters"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What was the creepiest story you've found out about your former/current classmate?"
"askreddit"	"Is Reddit your favourite social media if so why?"
"funny"	"When the burger business gets too competitive"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicer: The #Senate has confirmed @HeatherAnWilson to be the next Secretary of the @usairforce"
"the_donald"	"Memorial Day approaches. Remember our own."
"askreddit"	"Musicians of Reddit, what was the hardest part of learning/mastering your instrument?"
"askreddit"	"Tourists of reddit. What was the strangest thing you ever seen on your travels?"
"funny"	"Locked in a room with no doors."
"gaming"	"Hello guys, just wanted to say"
"worldnews"	"Canada's opinion of US reaches record 35-year low after election of Donald Trump"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Frenchmen for your loss of your land. We welcome all French men and women political asylum in the USA with open arms."
"askreddit"	"What are the reasons you are deciding to have children or not to have children?"
"the_donald"	"Six months ago tonight, I watched this Florida needle tip towards Trump and I knew we had it locked up. Such great memories! 🇺🇸"
"askreddit"	"What are some thought to be social norms, that in reality nobody cares about?"
"askreddit"	"Where does all that store counter meat go at the end of the day?"
"askreddit"	"Clairvoyants of Reddit, where will Reddit be in 10 years?"
"the_donald"	"FULL TEXT: Readout of President Trump’s Call with President-Elect Emmanuel Macron of France."
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Jr. Speaks At Indiana Republican Party Spring Dinner"
"askreddit"	"How good can smartphone cameras get?"
"the_donald"	"DONALD TRUMP IS A PRESIDENT @ WHITEHOUSE.GOV"
"pics"	"A bee landed on my cactus during a hailstorm. Rip."
"askreddit"	"Why has mostly all of the world's great leaders, generals, artists, scientists, athletes, philosophers, magistrates, engineers, inventors, businessmen, and economists been Men over these last 2000+ years?"
"askreddit"	"How may of you are browsing Reddit instead of revising for finals?"
"the_donald"	"LIBTARDS THWARTED: Feds Nab Illegal Immigrant after Release from 'Sanctuary' Weapon Charge"
"askreddit"	"How bad is your luck when I comes to events in your life so far?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's your favorite movie released in the last ten years?"
"askreddit"	"You just bought a new fridge; what kind of foods do you buy first?"
"funny"	"Next level confusion"
"askreddit"	"What's the inverse of spring?"
"funny"	"Seems legit..."
"programming"	"live streaming full stack development tonight session #7"
"the_donald"	"Whaddayaknow, Thousands French Liberals are Protesting Macron's Victory Because he isn't Communist Enough For Them. Antifa Already on Scene"
"pics"	"Someone took the time to replace a swastika with the windows 95 logo at a bathroom in my school"
"askreddit"	"What's the best event you've ever attending live?"
"askreddit"	"What's the cringiest thing you've ever seen?"
"gaming"	"what a thrill"
"askreddit"	"What quirky thing do you do that you think no one else does?"
"askreddit"	"What would be punishable if the world enacted a Sharia style law for science and what would be the penalty?"
"askreddit"	"What are some under appreciated animals and why?"
"askreddit"	"(NSFW) What is your go-to song to have sex to?"
"worldnews"	"Mayor offers £1,700 to anyone who moves to his remote village to stop it becoming deserted"
"pics"	"Reese's peanut butter cup happy to see me."
"askreddit"	"Do you know anyone bipolar close and how do you deal with one?"
"askreddit"	"Cashiers of Reddit who was your dumbest customer?"
"the_donald"	"Men who are physically strong are more likely to have right wing political views"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been so alone and isolated that you forget there are other people out there? If so, how did you deal with it?"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest lie you've known someone to tell you, but you just went with it? Why did you?"
"the_donald"	"HuffPo wants us to become a 'Sanctuary Nation'. HUFFPO IS ALSO A FAILING PILE OF GARBAGE!"
"the_donald"	"✌ REEEEEEEEEE ✌"
"askreddit"	"Why is the American healthcare system broken?"
"the_donald"	"🐸🐸🐸 Antifa is rioting in Paris because they don't like Macron. 🐸🐸🐸"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit who have gone through with / seen someone go through with a \"safety marriage\", what happened?"
"askreddit"	"Of all of those joke subreddits that remain popular for about a day, which one did you want to last much longer?"
"funny"	"Fidget spinners are getting out of hand.."
"gaming"	"Nothing like taking a nap after killing a beast with a friend. [Dark Souls III - PS4]"
"the_donald"	"Why 60 percent of small-Business Owners want Obamacare repealed"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's your opinion on embracing shyness?"
"askreddit"	"According to John Oliver, T-Mobile is ISIS. According to Reddit, Comcast is Nazi Germany. How would you map other Internet Service Providers to evil regimes?"
"askreddit"	"Railroad workers of Reddit, what was your best experience on the job? Worst?"
"askreddit"	"What is a food that when you eat, you can't stop?"
"worldnews"	"Child, 6, dies after bouncy castle 'flies into the air'"
"the_donald"	"What France Wanted"
"askreddit"	"What's the most disgusting content you've ever seen on internet ? (nsfw)"
"the_donald"	"Movie: \"The Long Kiss Goodnight\" was made 5 years before 9/11 took place."
"the_donald"	"DID YOU HEAR TRUMP IS PRESIDENT?"
"pics"	"This place is located in the middle of the desert."
"askreddit"	"Which is the superior film and why? Tangled or Frozen?"
"askreddit"	"How are you doing, today?"
"pics"	"Odell Beckham Jr infamous one handed touchdown catch"
"askreddit"	"Travelers of Reddit, Which Culture Has Shocked You The Most While Traveling And Why?"
"the_donald"	"WEAK: Kurt Eichenwald 'restates' tweet wishing death on Republicans, but it's STILL hot garbage"
"funny"	"When you're sorting through some of your old photos"
"gaming"	"Horizon Zero Dawn - Running Snapmaw Dodge"
"askreddit"	"What was the creepiest story you've heard about one of your classmates?"
"the_donald"	"This South Florida hotel I'm staying in has the most modern of amenities for when illegals are being disruptive and a nuisance."
"pics"	"Crazy hail in Denver"
"funny"	"One day I hope to sleep with as many girls as this guy"
"askreddit"	"When did you feel super poor? Super rich?"
"funny"	"Trying to concentrate on someone after too many shots"
"funny"	"You had one job.."
"the_donald"	"*POPCORN* James Woods crushes Hillary superfan Peter Daou in BRUTAL back-and-forth"
"the_donald"	"French Election Rigged"
"the_donald"	"PC Police In Full Attack Over \"Cinco De Mayo\" Festivities Poor Owner Describes It As Means to \"create a dialogue\" Doesn't Realize The Left Can't Handle A Dialogue."
"pics"	"Guy Laramée creates sculptures out of old books"
"askreddit"	"If you had to replace any part of your body with a cone, what would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"Animal lovers of Reddit, what amount of money would someone have to offer you in order for you to sell them your beloved pet?"
"the_donald"	"Based radio host Michael Savages petition only has 16k signatures?! LET'S GET TO WORK CENTIPEDES!"
"the_donald"	"TFW Macron threatens Poland's sovereignty with sanctions over migrants."
"askreddit"	"What product, service, or situation is better from a corporate or big chain, rather than a 'mom and pop' or local location?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do differently if you could relive the past year?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates said Gen. Flynn \"could be blackmailed by the Russians.\" Big yawn. Why is MSM doing cartwheels over this? This doesn't prove a thing."
"the_donald"	"Guys! How can you be so close minded? There are 3 Genders"
"askreddit"	"What video game boss drove you nuts trying to beat?"
"funny"	"Well he admitted it I guess"
"the_donald"	"Business Leader to Invest $2,000,000,000 to the USA Thanks to President Trump"
"pics"	"Cahergall Stone Fort, County Kerry, Ireland"
"askreddit"	"How do you stop being dead inside?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you want to do but social norm tells you not to?"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest pet peeve Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"The FBI has busted child porn video abusers on Playpen.com, when up popped Anthony Weiner! Why hasn't FBI Director Comey charged the two Weiners for Saudi spying, sex crimes &amp; treason etc,,,,,,?"
"the_donald"	"REPORT: Earth Is Heading Toward 100-Year “Mini Ice Age”"
"askreddit"	"What's an entry-level piece of poetry or spoken word that you would recommend to someone who says they 'don't do poetry'?"
"askreddit"	"What small unsuspecting object that actually can be deadly?"
"the_donald"	"Attempting to continue the fight on Facebook!"
"the_donald"	"Gab is Open! No wait lists!"
"the_donald"	"LION TED asks James Clapper if he EVER KNOWINGLY leaked classified documents. Clapper refuses to outright say \"NO,\" and instead gives legalese non-answer: \"Not to the best of my recollection...\""
"askreddit"	"Which movie \"villain\" got the short end of the stick?"
"gaming"	"Am I the only one who just wanted a box and two controllers from Nintendo? Give me Mario and Zelda and sick graphics. WTH Nintendo. Get over this cornball shit."
"the_donald"	"NY Times: Legal Immigrants Opposed to Sanctuary Cities"
"the_donald"	"If you strike me down I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine"
"askreddit"	"What is the most cost effective way for me to buy a few hundred dvd copies of Borat?"
"askreddit"	"What is the less painful way to die?"
"the_donald"	"\"The Russians\" are to Sally Yates what non-existent \"Iraqi weapons of mass destruction\" were to the Bush admin. Same. Exact. Bullshit."
"worldnews"	"Saudi king orders that women no longer need a man's permission to travel, study or make police complaints"
"the_donald"	"Obamacare dying a painful death...but Obama Pleads with Congress to Save it"
"the_donald"	"Donald J Trump ANNOUNCEMENT from OCT 2016 about his Healthcare Plan. READ how the GOD EMPEROR kept his promise from the campaign. Fake News #BTFO"
"the_donald"	"\"James Clapper\" can the Intel community use Russian malware to make it look like the Russian? That the REAL question!"
"the_donald"	"\"CNN made its name during the First Gulf War. Reportedly, even George H.W. Bush watched CNN to find out about the most recent events.\" TIL:^^ This is in the actual description for the CNN subreddit."
"pics"	"Crispy duck"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless Star Trek fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"Is there anything your ex could have said to win you back? If so, what?"
"the_donald"	"They may have all these identical subs to multiply their crying, but they will never defeat us."
"askreddit"	"Who's your weird family member?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite not well-known video game cheat?"
"worldnews"	"Russia war: Massive warships close in on NATO country amid conflict fears"
"the_donald"	"These Trump Mud Flaps On A Truck Helping To Make America Great Again..."
"gaming"	"Wanna get back into minecraft. Haven't played since 2014-2015. Has much changed?"
"the_donald"	"Just so you understand what's happening in Europe."
"the_donald"	"Wegman's didn't cave to the snowflakes and now they cannot keep Trump wine in stock!"
"the_donald"	"Malzberg | Kristol: Liberals Live in Bubble, It's Childish to Think Obama-Flynn is Big Story"
"askreddit"	"You have the ability to implement a constitutional amendment. What does it do?"
"askreddit"	"Amputees of Reddit, what are your weirdest prosthetic/social stories?"
"askreddit"	"Other than Sports and Weather, What are your go to conversation starters at a party where you don't know anyone?"
"askreddit"	"Who is going overboard with advertising as of late?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the most controversial/shocking post SubredditSimulator could come up with?"
"the_donald"	"Tucker is killing this right now"
"gaming"	"that was overkill......[x-post r/pubg]"
"funny"	"Turtle stuff"
"funny"	"Cactus rock climbing!"
"the_donald"	"This is a scenario I would pay good money to watch unfold...MUH FAUX OUTRAGE!!"
"askreddit"	"What's the most unbelievable lie you've told, that someone believed?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the best anti-jokes?"
"funny"	"Stealing a Unicorn from my dorm!"
"the_donald"	"Horror in Germany: Woman Breaks Both Legs After Migrant Hurls Her Out of a Window For Refusing Sex"
"the_donald"	"Feminist lefty Emma Watson denied role of \"follow your dreams heroine\" in LaLaLand in favor of \"'yes master' damsel in distress\" princess in Beauty and the Beast."
"the_donald"	"Gab Is Now Out Of Beta Testing With Open Registration"
"the_donald"	"Dude, Junior's a beast. Watching this literally makes me sigh with relief knowing we could've ended up with that rotten side of beef"
"the_donald"	"Bill Clinton and James Patterson co-writing new fiction novel"
"pics"	"Will it hold up?"
"the_donald"	"How can pepe be done? Pepe is all of us."
"the_donald"	"I'm simply saying that life, uh... Finds a way."
"the_donald"	"New twitter look tho"
"askreddit"	"Americans, why are your news broadcasts on TV so informal compared to other countries such as britain's BBC news?"
"askreddit"	"As a human who will likely never experience space travel, how much information do you think people of Earth should be given about space exploration?"
"askreddit"	"Who do you think is the biggest idiot alive today and justify your claim?"
"askreddit"	"What would someone have to do to get you to eat a smegma muffin?"
"pics"	"What kind of dog is this? I found him and I would like to find his owner. knowing breed would help. thanks"
"askreddit"	"What is a scene/quote from a movie or tv show that always makes you laugh?"
"askreddit"	"How come people seem way more political now (22) than when I was 5?"
"askreddit"	"What's a Country/City that has the worst residents/scammers and unpleasant experience when there?"
"the_donald"	"Yates ADMITS defying Executive Order \"as a Policy Matter\""
"askreddit"	"What is the craziest story you have from playing high school sports?"
"askreddit"	"People who waited until after the honeymoon period had ended to propose and get married, how long did it take and what happened?"
"the_donald"	"\"President Donald J. Trump Announces Judicial Candidate Nominations\""
"the_donald"	"\"If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine\"-PEPE WAN KEKNOBE"
"pics"	"What's for dinner?"
"askreddit"	"Who is Mr Rogers?"
"funny"	"Seal doing tricks"
"the_donald"	"POTUS : The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?"
"the_donald"	"POTUS : Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!"
"the_donald"	"POTUS : Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is \"no evidence\" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump."
"askreddit"	"What was your favorite toy as a kid, that kids today would laugh at?"
"the_donald"	"Everyone remembers that Hillary is not our president, but let's not forget that this man is not our vice president."
"the_donald"	"POTUS : Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!"
"askreddit"	"How have you adapted to a different culture?"
"askreddit"	"For those who did the double chin natural stretching exercises, did it work?"
"the_donald"	"MUST SEE=&gt; Democrats Critique Their Party, ‘If We Hadn’t Been Caught Lying, We’d Be Running the Country Right Now’"
"askreddit"	"You can challenge any super hero/villain to a competition of your choosing. If you win you get their powers. Who do you challenge and what do you challenge them to?"
"askreddit"	"What is your family's lightest secret?"
"askreddit"	"Who are the most pretentious types of people?"
"askreddit"	"If you were given 1 Darwin Award, and told to give it to one person in all of recorded history, who would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"What movie has the best OST?"
"askreddit"	"Do you think we will ever pass light speed, and if so how?"
"askreddit"	"What was Jesus' favorite sex position?"
"askreddit"	"What's your strategy for rock, paper, scissor?"
"askreddit"	"If life is a computer simulation, what are some \"bugs/glitches\" that would help confirm this theory?"
"funny"	"This Reese's peanut butter cup was so happy to see me!"
"the_donald"	"\"The Crisis Has Become Pandemic\" - System To Collect Defaulted Student Loans Is No Longer Functioning"
"the_donald"	"White House Adamant Budget Lays Groundwork for Wall"
"the_donald"	"This is part of your everyday life now France. Get used to it"
"askreddit"	"How bad is your luck/fortune when it comes to events that have happened so far in your life?"
"askreddit"	"What was something wrong that you committed even though you knew it was but still went through with it?"
"askreddit"	"What song lyric describes how you're feeling right now?"
"askreddit"	"Who in your opinion is the best president in American history? And why?"
"the_donald"	"Feminist Lefty Emma Watson denied role of 'follow your dreams' heroine (La La Land) in favor of '\"yes master\" damsel in distress' princess."
"the_donald"	"Why Donald Trump Is Scared of Sally Yates | Sally Yates | Donald Trump |..."
"the_donald"	"MFW Trump shitposts on both twitter accounts for double the effect"
"askreddit"	"What are the coolest jobs you can get at 18?"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicer: .@POTUS announces his third wave of Federal judicial appointments https://t.co/A8SwcP9zs0"
"pics"	"Edinburgh Scotland"
"askreddit"	"Teachers, what gossip did you overhear from your student(s)?"
"the_donald"	"IG Report: 100 Died While Waiting for Care at Los Angeles Veterans Affairs"
"the_donald"	"THOUGHT CRIME: School SUSPENDS 7th Grader for Liking a Instagram Photo of a TOY GUN"
"the_donald"	"Protect what matters!"
"askreddit"	"Would you eat lab created meat? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"If in every country the \"greatest\" leader came back to life and was became in charge, what would the world look like?"
"funny"	"Mothers Day Ideas!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Trump opposers, what would your go-to evidence be if you had to show a Trump supporter why you opposed him?"
"askreddit"	"Who or what is the Gordon Ramsay of other professions?"
"askreddit"	"Is capitalism really the breeder of innovation? Would Elon Musk and his ideas still be around if it weren't for capitalism? Why? Why not?"
"askreddit"	"Have any of you ever been to a taping of one of those judge shows (Judge Judy, People's Court..etc)? What was it like?"
"askreddit"	"How do redditors sound like in your head?"
"funny"	"Ghandi quotes are so relatable 👌🏻🙌🏻💯"
"funny"	"hHome listing in Canada is a nightmare for people who are afraid of clowns"
"the_donald"	"Iranian Defense Minister to Saudis: \"We will leave no area untouched except Mecca and Medina\". Looks like Iran is close to obtaining nukes.."
"askreddit"	"If someone from the dead could come back for one day, who would it be, and what would you do with them?"
"the_donald"	"What's going on in Macron's head?"
"pics"	"My friend opening his first lunchable ever! he just finished his freshman year of college!"
"pics"	"Anyone know if this is bear poop in my yard?"
"pics"	"Sushi shoes"
"askreddit"	"From vocals to venue to atmosphere, who's the best performing artist you've ever seen live?"
"the_donald"	"People say Trump is just a fluke. Guess what happens when you underestimate America?"
"askreddit"	"What scene from a movie or TV show had you in tears laughing?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, What is your favorite \"feel better\" food?"
"the_donald"	"Support France! Gentle 'Pedes, I implore you do not turn against France, do not revel in \"I told you so\" mentality when the inevitable attacks, that are beginning even now, continue."
"askreddit"	"What incredible new technologies do most of the general public not know about yet because they're still too expensive to be commonly used?"
"askreddit"	"Who gets out of bed the second the alarm goes off and why ?"
"askreddit"	"Why are traffic cameras legal? If you are \"innocent before proven guilty\", don't cameras automatically assume guilt first, forcing you to prove innocence?"
"funny"	"You had One job.."
"the_donald"	"BASED GAB.AI NOW HAS OPEN REGISTRATION - THIS IS WRITTEN IN THE GENDER BOX AND CANNOT BE CHANGED. KEK!!"
"pics"	"The Ring"
"the_donald"	"Libtards in Texas right now"
"the_donald"	"let's all take a moment to be thankful that for the last 108 days, Donald Trump has been in charge of America instead of Hillary Clinton."
"funny"	"The emperor roasts a local peasant"
"the_donald"	"Why do you hate 4chan /pol/ so much?"
"the_donald"	"Trump Not Happy With 2nd NSA Advisor (&amp; Flynn replacement) HR McMaster"
"the_donald"	"@WhiteHouse: .@POTUS Announces Judicial Candidate Nominations: http://bit.ly/2qL9lBp"
"askreddit"	"What industry is the biggest scam?"
"funny"	"I know where I'm going!"
"the_donald"	"Feminist lefty Emma Watson turned down leading role of 'follow your dreams' heroine (La La Land) for a 'yes master damsel in distress' princess (Beauty and the Beast)"
"funny"	"One of my favorite performances from Bo Burnham. The timing is perfect."
"the_donald"	"Wonder if Pepe's creator (the cuck shitbag human, not Kek) knew that by \"killing\" him he'd just cause an epic wave of shitposting."
"the_donald"	"PEDES! France is cucked, time to move on to something else. Italy is possibly having an election this summer and the anti EU candidate is surging in polls. LETS MEME THIS INTO REALITY PEDES MIGA MIGA MIGA"
"askreddit"	"What was the most idiotic thing you've done in Runescape?"
"gaming"	"Ha! [OC][Insurgency]"
"the_donald"	"The \"17 agencies\" meme was Fake News"
"pics"	"After a year+ of blood, sweat and tears, I dropped 80 pounds, and got a new phone/phone case in the process!"
"askreddit"	"How bad does it hurt to overdose on heroin? Is it a painless way to die?"
"the_donald"	"Video of Damascus confirms Bible prophecy as the oldest continuously occupied city on Earth is destroyed. Next comes a wider Middle Eastern war centered in Israel. It's about to get Biblical folks!"
"the_donald"	"Zaid Jilani on Twitter: Jimmy Carter said he voted for Bernie Sanders"
"the_donald"	"FTFY"
"funny"	"I feel like a comedy tonight...this one sounds good."
"the_donald"	"Merriam-Webster Schools go after Trump because Typo in one of his Tweets"
"gaming"	"Click HERE to voice your opinion on Net Neutrality directly to the FCC."
"gaming"	"Clickers..."
"pics"	"Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry"
"pics"	"ForceGang"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit, what impacted your decision to have kids?"
"worldnews"	"Bill gates once told Buffet that he would prefer to just hire from IIT schools (Indian Institute of Techonology)"
"askreddit"	"It's my Cake Day Reddit! What's your favorite dessert?"
"the_donald"	"Remember, if there are any doubts in our foreign policy: McCain hammers Tillerson in NYT op-ed- If Mccuck hates it it's a good thing!"
"gaming"	"Hello"
"askreddit"	"Car Salespeople of Reddit, what are your weirdest test drive experiences?"
"funny"	"Farmers, lock up your cattle"
"the_donald"	"Sanctuary Cities are Subject to \"Stiffest PENALTIES in America,\" says Texas Governor"
"the_donald"	"The #3 Hot Post on a popular political subreddit links to a ShareBlue article with the headline: \"Trump fired Sally Yates the day she offered evidence Flynn was compromised.\""
"the_donald"	"More than 70,000 activists aligned with the Women’s March organization have signed a radical pledge demanding reparations for African-Americans, open border immigration policies, defunding of the U.S. military, abortion on demand, etc."
"the_donald"	"RERvideo – BRAVE TEXAS TEACHER BLOWS WHISTLE ON LGBTQ PRE-K INFILTRATION (VIDEO)"
"pics"	"I found real life Gene Belcher from Bob's Burgers at the Bart station today!"
"the_donald"	"Can California Democrats Take out McCarthy Over Health Care Vote?"
"the_donald"	"We've been so focused on France and Pepe, I almost forgot that THIS MAN is our President."
"the_donald"	"Grassley and Clapper schooled the DNC on cyber security today. DNC BTFO"
"worldnews"	"Russian warships spotted just outside Latvia's territorial waters in latest show of strength"
"askreddit"	"Why do average questions get on the front page?"
"the_donald"	"A pretty good summary of today's hearings"
"the_donald"	"Those vaccines really backfired on the globalists when we started using weaponized autism"
"askreddit"	"Without thinking too hard, what's the strangest insult you can come up with?"
"worldnews"	"US Air Force's secretive space plane lands after two years in orbit"
"the_donald"	"LOL Twitter trying to control the narrative about Cruz vs Yates"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever tried the naked man/women, and how did it work out ?"
"the_donald"	"2018 BUDGET HERE!!!"
"funny"	"Satan arrived"
"the_donald"	"Pepe, the Redeemer"
"the_donald"	"George Soros: ‘I Am A God, I Created Everything, I Control America And Hillary Clinton’"
"the_donald"	"Trending: Meme Kills Off its creator for being \"a totally irrelevant and mediocre 'artist' irrelevant to human society.\""
"askreddit"	"How would your life change if you had a child right now?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what do you think is wrong with society today?"
"the_donald"	"EPA removes half of scientific board, seeking industry-aligned replacements"
"the_donald"	"New U.S citizens sworn in at New Bedford Superior Court (Worth it to listen!)"
"funny"	"no more scaredy pants"
"the_donald"	"Hey look it's a Sanders Dollar!"
"askreddit"	"You have the power to be the supreme commander of one animal species. You can communicate with said species with ease and they follow your every command. What animal species do you pick?"
"askreddit"	"Texans, what's your go to breakfast taco?"
"funny"	"For the Mom who has everything..."
"askreddit"	"What do redditors think of the upcoming impeachment of president trump in the United States ?"
"the_donald"	"Steve Malzberg Interviews Bill Kristol"
"askreddit"	"What was the most erotic, no physical touching experience of your life?"
"the_donald"	"Professor says Republicans to be \"Lined up and SHOT\" over AHCA Vote"
"the_donald"	"We're 1/2 way through 2017 and Dems still have no platform. Keep up the clown shows, Dems, you'll go the way of the Whig Party if you keep this up."
"the_donald"	"Please don't fuck this up like France, Korea."
"pics"	"It's my 5 year cake day and I'll have it my PBR sign. Give me sweet sweet karma."
"funny"	"Restaurant entrance signs - Left in Missouri, Right in Alabama"
"the_donald"	"Palestinian hunger strike leader Barghouti 'filmed eating'"
"the_donald"	"KASSAM: The Left Thinks an Easy Win in France is the End of the Populist Nationalist Movement... C'est Magnifique!"
"the_donald"	"There's major similarities between the Death of Pepe and the story about that carpenter guy."
"the_donald"	"Face it the_Donald, Macron is delivering on his main campaign promise already and there is still no wall"
"askreddit"	"What is one fear you have that most people consider ridiculous?"
"gaming"	"Respect to the good guys at CD Projekt Red."
"the_donald"	"A special citizenship ceremony was held on the deck of our most famous U.S. Battleship, the U.S.S. Missouri."
"the_donald"	"ANTIFA BTFO"
"askreddit"	"What's a talent that you have that you keep to yourself?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you learn about others after graduating from college?"
"gaming"	"Using an Arduino IMU to Control Spacecraft [X-Post /r/KerbalSpaceProgram]"
"the_donald"	"Trump names 10 nominees to federal courts on heels of Gorsuch win"
"funny"	"Not sure if funny or wtf but saw this in Starbucks just now"
"funny"	"These kept me alive throughout my whole life.."
"the_donald"	"British pedophile Jimmy Savile Takes Young Girl To Prince Philip."
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest way you ever lost at a game?"
"the_donald"	"Jeff Sessions Tells Pelosi To Expect Pedophile Investigations to Begin"
"the_donald"	"USAF Naturalization ceremony"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's the most heartwarming thing you've ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe LIVES! Centipedes, Kekistanis! Go into all the internet and post the rarest PEPE's to tell the world he lives!!!!!"
"askreddit"	"Has anywhere ever met a celebrity? If so, who?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] What is the best definition on UrbanDictionary?"
"askreddit"	"How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?"
"the_donald"	"We should learn from France. Without freedom of the press and diverse media we can be controlled."
"the_donald"	"No, Mr. Comey. THOUSANDS of Hillary's emails--\"including classified documents\" didn't \"SOMEHOW\" get forwarded to Anthony Wiener. It wasn't magic. It was done purposely and with intent by Huma Abedin. You just didn't bother doing your job."
"askreddit"	"What are your top three favorite moments from your life?"
"askreddit"	"The last thing you googled must be in the title of your thesis. How will it come out?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, what's your social security number?"
"askreddit"	"Bisexual people of Reddit, what would you like gay and straight people alike to know about you?"
"gaming"	"Can you guys give me feedback on my work?"
"pics"	"So I went to Mcdonalds today.."
"askreddit"	"What are some good ways to get revenge on someone?"
"askreddit"	"When minority crime reaches national attention, we're called \"savages\" or \"animals\" &amp; we're all painted in the same light; but when the same happens with white people, there's always an underlying excuse for the person &amp; white people get no flak, why?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst video game fanbase ever?"
"the_donald"	"VIDEO : Investment in the USA Going Up Because of One Reason – DONALD TRUMP"
"funny"	"Only in Northern California"
"askreddit"	"What's your nickname and what's the origin of it?"
"askreddit"	"Ladies of Reddit, what's an inappropriate question about men you've always wanted to ask?"
"the_donald"	"Political question"
"askreddit"	"Phd's of reddit who took long breaks after undergrad and went into a completely new field - how'd you do it?"
"askreddit"	"What word is frequently used to name something cool?"
"funny"	"guy makes amazing music from just blowing bottles!"
"askreddit"	"What are some moments in real life where you've rolled a natural 1?"
"askreddit"	"What would you name a short film about a socially neglected youth that finds his home in his school's robotics team?"
"askreddit"	"What historical figure needs their own musical?"
"askreddit"	"Which fictional character do you become when you are drunk?"
"pics"	"This Girl In A Wheelchair Being Held Above The Crowd At Carolina Rebellion"
"askreddit"	"What tips/advice do you have for someone struggling with anxiety?"
"askreddit"	"If you were deputized to be a traffic cop, what driving shenanigans would be getting WAY more tickets?"
"gaming"	"If you buy a slim Xbox One and want to use the Kinect, you have to give Microsoft another $40 for this adapter."
"askreddit"	"What's that weird food combination that you live but no one wants to try?"
"askreddit"	"The last thing you googled is the subject of your book. What is the title?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you wish you could do but can't because of social norms?"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion of people who weigh over 600 lbs and are housebound?"
"the_donald"	"No one ever in their right mind has ever said \" I know,let's become a 3rd world society\"."
"the_donald"	"First Democrat Official Tied To Elite Pedophile Ring Pleads Guilty"
"askreddit"	"What is your real life experience with the paranormal? [serious]"
"askreddit"	"What's your shortest pick up line?"
"askreddit"	"Professional Musicians of Reddit, how do you make ends meet when you're not recording/releasing/performing?"
"funny"	"Toy reviewing grandma reviews pooping Play-Doh dog."
"askreddit"	"Are there any forms of motor racing where the cars regularly make contact, push each other out of the way etc?"
"the_donald"	"This is how libtarded universities are"
"the_donald"	"Wow an unbiased article about Berkeley College Republicans. Notice they are not all white males."
"the_donald"	"I'm James G̶o̶n̶o̶r̶r̶h̶e̶a̶ Clapper, the former US director of national intelligence, and I lied to congress."
"pics"	"I made a PBR sign with maple and blue epoxy."
"askreddit"	"What is your most satisfying \"IN YOUR FACE\" story?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, if noone would judge you for it, whats the one thing you would like to try?"
"askreddit"	"What comedies had serious moments that made you feel for the characters?"
"gaming"	"Bf1 carrying the squad 3 kd"
"the_donald"	"Muh 17 agencies is fake news!"
"the_donald"	"Is there actually have any concrete evidence for Russian collusion? If so, why hasn't it been shown?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most akward crush you've ever had?"
"worldnews"	"Teenage Palestinian girl 'executed in cold blood,' witnesses say"
"the_donald"	"Democrats won't collapse because they all think alike. Our memes should focus on fracturing Dems much like the \"draft our daughters\" campaign."
"the_donald"	"French citizens are being led here while researching #MacronLeaks. Let's make them feel welcome! We're not triggered about the election, we're sympathetic to our allies."
"askreddit"	"What's the scariest thing you would show someone who had travelled through time from the 19th century?"
"the_donald"	"Land of the Free, Home of the Brave."
"the_donald"	"LOOOOL the #1 post on r/all right now is literally an article from shariablue.com about a topic I can't see people giving too many shits about. Seems totes legit! Good times!"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite City?"
"funny"	"Of course it's United Airlines"
"the_donald"	"FBI Busts 1,500 pedophiles in “Playpen” Hack"
"askreddit"	"What is your worst pickup-line which ever worked?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst way your parents/family have Embarrassed you?"
"funny"	"When my kids ask me for a snack 5 minutes after dinner"
"gaming"	"( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
"askreddit"	"What profession could just disappear altogether with little to no impact to society?"
"gaming"	"Wheel of ghosts"
"the_donald"	"Liberals: RRREEEEEEE!!!! I need my safe space!! All these micro-agressions hurt my fee-fees!! I got a booboo at the communist rally from a trumpette!! MOOOOOOOOMMMM I NEED MY TENDIES!!!??"
"the_donald"	"Female Italian Reporter Attacked by Migrants While Reporting on Their Suffering in Rome"
"pics"	"Hiked Mount Monadnock for the first time today and it was beautiful even with an overcast sky."
"the_donald"	"REMINDER TO R/ALL: ISLAM IS NOT A RACE, IT IS A LIFE CHOICE. IT CAN BE CRITICIZED LIKE ANY OTHER BELIEF SYSTEM."
"pics"	"What a video from r/videos about a reviewer being sued and this appeared on my phone."
"askreddit"	"What is the most useless fact you know?"
"the_donald"	"During Senator Kennedy's Grilling of Sally Yates, SUPREME IDIOT Yates Says That She Could Not Defend The Travel Ban Because She'd Have To Argue That It Wasn't INTENDED To \"Discriminate Against A Religion.\" SUDDENLY, Intent Matters? *cough* JAMES COMEY *cough*"
"the_donald"	"They can have it both ways: Love ISIS &amp; molest innocent boys offered by their mothers."
"pics"	"This bicycle is more expensive than a motorbike."
"askreddit"	"What's the longest continuous stretch you've spent on Reddit? What made you stop?"
"askreddit"	"What's your \"one that got away\" story?"
"funny"	"The Ben show The bad coach lol had me dying laughing lol"
"askreddit"	"What conspiracy theory are you tired of hearing about?"
"askreddit"	"What's your worst \"why did I even like them\" story?"
"askreddit"	"Delivery professionals of Reddit! What's the weirdest thing you've seen or had happen to you when someone answered the door?"
"askreddit"	"How many replicas of the oval office do you think they have in Hollywood? 1 per studio? Do they share? Net new for each production?"
"askreddit"	"How do you move to a major city with a college degree no money, no job, and no connections? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What is something that you want to do but social norms say not to do it?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what's a story you've always wanted to tell but never had the chance to?"
"the_donald"	"When God When"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is your personal saying or \"catchphrase\"?"
"askreddit"	"How many people still haven't made the switch form Alien Blue to the official Reddit app?"
"askreddit"	"Self-harmers of Reddit, during the hotter months how do you hide your scars/burns/etc.?"
"funny"	"This turkey gives no clucks! (Seen on my drive home today)"
"askreddit"	"What's a candy that everyone seems to love, but you can't stand?"
"the_donald"	"Okay... I thought this was common knowledge but let me spell this out for those who don't understand."
"askreddit"	"What nationality/ethnicity has the most underrated cuisine in your opinion Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"What gets you through the day?"
"pics"	"My Picasso of Picasso"
"the_donald"	"Who is the fakest of the fake news?"
"the_donald"	"Julian Assange: DNI Clapper just misled or perjured himself to Congress saying that there was no release of Republican data. Proof:"
"askreddit"	"Net neutrality, and your ISP charges you an extra $50/month to play your favorite online game. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"Even though eggs don't really have a strong smell, why do we have the 'egg farts'? How do we know thats what eggs smell like?"
"worldnews"	"Canadian senate defence committee recommends sweeping military buildup"
"askreddit"	"When you ask for a couple, a few, or some of _________, do you mean a literal couple, more than x, or?"
"the_donald"	"\"Tax cuts for the rich\" dont \"benefit the rich at the expense of the poor\". This year just in taxes I owed MORE than I earned in the entirety of 2015. When the rich pay 40% taxes to support this entire redistribution scheme and want a break, that isnt robbery on the poor. It is justice for the rich."
"the_donald"	"Help a LadyPede out!!"
"askreddit"	"Why do newspapers publish the name of the convicted criminal but will obscure the number plate of his car used in the crime?"
"funny"	"Restaurant entrance signs - Missouri (Left) vs Alabama (Right)"
"worldnews"	"Verdict expected in blasphemy case against Jakarta's Christian governor"
"askreddit"	"Cyclists, what grinds your gears?"
"askreddit"	"Why does your neighbor hate YOU?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite funny/cute pet story?"
"gaming"	"Something I really miss about the previous generations"
"the_donald"	"Please, I never want to be the person where my whole life literally hangs on the line in a Tweet by President Trump. Bye Bye Sally."
"worldnews"	"S. Koreans vote for new president to succeed ousted Park"
"the_donald"	"\"Globalism\" [noun]"
"askreddit"	"What TV show did you initially enjoy but eventually quit watching?"
"askreddit"	"Disneyland has so much flowering vegetation, but why aren't there any bees anywhere?"
"the_donald"	"Milo: Reporter Runs Screaming As Peaceful Migrant Attempts To Culturally Enrich Her On Live TV"
"funny"	"Stop.... My job sucks"
"askreddit"	"It's my 21st birthday tomorrow. What are some good drinks to try?"
"askreddit"	"If you could sit down with Donald Trump one on one, what would you ask or tell him?"
"askreddit"	"Cheaters of Reddit, why are you cheating?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most annoying thing about modern society?"
"askreddit"	"AskReddit: How do you post a picture on Twitter where clicking the picture will go to a link?"
"askreddit"	"Other than aliens, what is something that is almost certain exists but hasn't been proven?"
"the_donald"	"America will again breathe as a whole ..."
"askreddit"	"What song did you like until you found something out about that was cringy/gross/weird/etc?"
"askreddit"	"What is your made up motivational/inspirational phrase?"
"funny"	"A future artist!"
"gaming"	"Alcyone: The Last City is a Fallen London-inspired sci-fi interactive fiction game fully funded on Kickstarter with David Gaider as a stretch goal"
"pics"	"What does this symbol mean?"
"askreddit"	"Has anyone ever met a celebrity? If so, who?"
"the_donald"	"The Naturalization Ceremony 2016 - Las Vegas"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest thing you've found in your food?"
"the_donald"	"Clinton Foundation Is The \"Largest Unprosecuted Charity Fraud Ever\""
"the_donald"	"Any status in Lauren Southern?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why is Hillary Clinton so corrupt?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good ideas for a senior prank?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] call center representatives who hit their \"breaking point\" while on the on the phone with a customer, what happened?"
"askreddit"	"If you could get ask all of Reddit one question, knowing that it would get to the front page and only have serious answers, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite \"I shouldn't be eating this\" food?"
"askreddit"	"Many children have that one movie they watch over and over; What was yours?"
"the_donald"	"WHAT YOU WON'T HEAR ON THE LIBERAL NEWS, HEAD OF ISIS IN AFGHANISTAN KILLED! TRUMP ADMINISTRATION GETTING STUFF DONE!"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest thing you've ever done?"
"askreddit"	"What would be your preferred form of \"team building\" in the workforce?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite album cover art?"
"funny"	"What gorgeous flowers."
"the_donald"	"Why I love Texas"
"the_donald"	"SENIOR ADVISER TO THE KENYAN. \"I SEEK TO HELP CHANGE AMERICA TO BE A MORE ISLAMIC COUNTRY\" LET THAT SINK IN .... 😡"
"the_donald"	"It was written!"
"the_donald"	"This is how libtarded universities are"
"funny"	"Sick and studying for finals so I sent this to my mom"
"the_donald"	"Patrick Buchanan Reveals Himself to Be the First Trumpist"
"the_donald"	"I'd like to solve the puzzle!"
"the_donald"	"Misogyny, Rape and Pedophilia A-OK with Europeans as long as it's from immigrants. Legalized Rape Gains Ground"
"funny"	"swiped out..."
"the_donald"	"PEPE LIVES"
"the_donald"	"Seattle's Trump hating mayor Btfo by rape accusations. Drops reelection bid"
"the_donald"	"Obama."
"pics"	"Guy riding a skateboard. With a child. Pulled by dogs. From Florida"
"askreddit"	"People who have gotten into wars with their neighbours, what started it and what happened?"
"askreddit"	"What's your 'go-to' driving song?"
"the_donald"	"Why weren't Sally Yates and James Clapper alarmed when the Chinese Ambassador contacted the Clinton Campaign to discuss US Policy?"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest thing you've see written on a bathroom wall?"
"the_donald"	"After seeing the light of Gender Queer Theory, This MAN has decided to dump drumpf"
"the_donald"	"Got a new poster for my classroom today &amp; was happy to see the God Emperor!! 🇺🇸"
"gaming"	"Brütal Legend Part 3 \"To Start or Not Start A Revolution\""
"askreddit"	"What flavor do you like that everyone else hates?"
"the_donald"	"Fucking white nationals at Wal Mart CONFIRMED! Literally shaking right now"
"pics"	"The Alps."
"pics"	"Ten years ago, I met Steve and Alexis at a party, I found these while cleaning out a file cabinet."
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what was your worst bathroom experience?"
"askreddit"	"What is the Scariest thing that had ever happened to you?"
"the_donald"	"It's now officially backed by peer reviewed hard science"
"the_donald"	"I'd like to share a small tale about my entitled liberal sister..."
"funny"	"Or, you know, to make money in the west."
"askreddit"	"Why are most American actors shit at British accents but most British actors quite good at American?"
"askreddit"	"What's your most effective way of cheering someone up?"
"askreddit"	"As a Canadian, what rights do you have in US regarding TSA? Can you legally/rightfully refuse to oblige their overbearing demands such as checking your smartphone?"
"pics"	"The sun dipping below the city of Toronto. Tonight from my back room."
"askreddit"	"What was the funniest titlegore post you have ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"What did my dog think about after it ate the weed brownie batter?"
"askreddit"	"People estranged from a sibling, what happened?"
"the_donald"	"Grammar is important"
"the_donald"	"FREE MY NIGGA FLYNN"
"the_donald"	"This Flynn dinner with Putin - why does no one ever mention that Jill Stein was at the same table?"
"the_donald"	"The East Antarctic Ice Sheet is as thick as the Alps Mountains are high. Real science."
"gaming"	"The Unmanned Avenger"
"the_donald"	"These 2 guys just showed you why we need to build the wall"
"the_donald"	"FRANCE ALREADY ATTACKED"
"askreddit"	"What's the best comeback you've ever heard of?"
"askreddit"	"What historical battle is not well known but deserves to be?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump's New Twitter Header in Light of Today's Hearing"
"the_donald"	"Andrea Mitchell and her Old White Man."
"the_donald"	"Are we the new counter culture? Because the lefties are making us seem like it."
"askreddit"	"What job have you later regretted taking?"
"the_donald"	"Riddle me this Batman?"
"the_donald"	"Remember when Barry told Crooked not to use her blackberry and she went behind his back anyway?"
"askreddit"	"What song that makes you instantly motivated?"
"askreddit"	"How loud is the AC / heating in mobile homes?"
"askreddit"	"what is your favorite insult from a TV show/cartoon?"
"askreddit"	"What are some pros and cons of being tall?"
"funny"	"Woah! What a sale."
"the_donald"	"I wasn't on T_D when the \"17\" Intelligence Agencies \"all\" concluded that the Russians \"hacked\" the election"
"askreddit"	"What are some tips for covering up or concealing acne as a man?"
"funny"	"My husband did not approve"
"askreddit"	"What are you funniest Day Light Savings Time change stories?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who don't procrastinate and are extremely productive, what's your life like? What other pitfalls do you succumb to?"
"the_donald"	"I am shocked--SHOCKED--that the critics liked this more than the audience."
"funny"	"My favorite use of googly eyes to date."
"gaming"	"bf1 carrying the squad"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Antifa Thug puts a BOUNTY on Head of Black Patriot for Defending some Confederate Monuments"
"pics"	"My sons drawing of chickens eating eggs, pretty dark stuff for a 5 year old"
"askreddit"	"What do you believe causes someone to become an enabler to a over 600lb person who is housebound?"
"askreddit"	"What needs to become a thing? What needs to stop being a thing?"
"funny"	"Here's this post again incase you forgot it again"
"the_donald"	"France In Photos: Here's Paris Before And After Islam"
"pics"	"Took a photo of a guy watching porn at the public library"
"pics"	"Heath Ledger kickflipping over Christian Bale during filming of The Dark Knight, 2007."
"askreddit"	"If you could bang an animal what animal would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do when you realized you are too old to have adolescent depressions?"
"the_donald"	"I am shocked--SHOCKED--that the critics adored this and the audience thought it was a bucket of turds"
"the_donald"	"Everyone jumping on the \"fire Colbert\" bandwagon is a pussy."
"funny"	"The emperor roasts a local peasant"
"the_donald"	"On Tucker now - Actual historian write tell-all book about Obama"
"askreddit"	"What is the best example of \"fake it until you make it\" that you've seen?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most bizarre moment of randomness you've ever experienced?"
"pics"	"a 3 square mile forest fire that firefighters were able to put out today; Pasco County"
"askreddit"	"Why is Tom Cruise still being cast in movies? Is he so likable that viewers forget he is a crazy scientologist?"
"gaming"	"Why games have better stories than movies"
"askreddit"	"What's the longest amount of time that you've stood for, and was it worth it?"
"the_donald"	"Antifa THUG puts Bounty on the Life of Black Patriot who Defended Confederate Monuments"
"the_donald"	"They have it both ways: Love ISIS &amp; they rape (it's not love) innocent boys."
"askreddit"	"What's the worst you've seen someone \"cut off their nose to spite their face\"?"
"askreddit"	"2007 vs 2017: What has changed?"
"the_donald"	"tfw you got the #1 rising shitpost in enemy territory because they're not a real community"
"the_donald"	"This argument that you can't ban immigration based on religion is flawed. The people from those countries have absolutely no choice whether to be Muslims or not. They would literally be killed if they chose to leave the religion of their birth."
"askreddit"	"What is the worst case of bad luck you have ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"Make Dallas great again"
"funny"	"Nemo looks a little off.."
"askreddit"	"What is the dirtiest sounding clean joke you know?"
"the_donald"	"Well, they aren't wasting any time since Macron won in France..."
"askreddit"	"What 2010 - 2016 hype turned out to be no big deal?"
"askreddit"	"What's a sign that something is a sign?"
"the_donald"	"For some reason I do not feel KEK's remorse... get ready to reset the clocks pedes!!!"
"askreddit"	"What is the most useless piece of information you were taught in school?"
"funny"	"The Facts. NOLA"
"askreddit"	"People who have been abducted or almost abducted, what happened?"
"the_donald"	"Just a late night thought that makes me smile"
"askreddit"	"People who work in the adult industry, what is the weirdest experience you ever had?"
"the_donald"	"Eleven Stabbing Deaths In Just Two Weeks In London"
"the_donald"	"In case T_D gets banned, where do you go?"
"askreddit"	"Europeans: If a foreigner wants to work there, what's the best profession/occupation they could have?"
"pics"	"This is where nightmares are born..."
"funny"	"This license plate surround."
"funny"	"McDonald's is adopting a more dystopian outlook."
"the_donald"	"Michelle Was Not Barack's first choice for a wife!"
"the_donald"	"There are currently 1,082 articles on Google News about today's hearing. There isn't a single mention of Clapper confirming \"no collusion\" in any of the headlines. FAKE NEWS is out of control."
"worldnews"	"Trump shadow hangs over climate talks opening"
"the_donald"	"PLEASE SIGN: Official Petition for Congress to Fund Trump’s Wall!"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is your most memorable rental car experience (good, bad or ugly)?"
"askreddit"	"You wake up on Isla Sorna (Jurassic Park) with nothing but the clothes on your back. What's your survival strategy?"
"worldnews"	"Gare du Nord EVACUATED as armed police storm Europe's busiest station"
"the_donald"	"Currency year = weaponized autism. This video has over 120,000 views. Less than 2% dislike ratio. Praise KEK 🐸"
"askreddit"	"Whats the easiest way to learn a language? Or rather, to get into learning a language?"
"the_donald"	"Is anyone else amazed that Sally Yates could instantly divine the intent of our POTUS, while it was impossible for Comey to figure out Hillary or Huma's intentions?"
"pics"	"The Best Kind of False Advertising"
"askreddit"	"How do college students find part time jobs that don't conflict with their class schedule?"
"the_donald"	"Carter Page Says He’s Still Cooperating With Senate Intel Committee — But There’s A Catch"
"the_donald"	"Talk glass of milk with the Donald"
"pics"	"Simple Table Sugar Crystals"
"askreddit"	"Why is the dress shirt and pants pushed as the standard in most workplaces?"
"askreddit"	"What do you listen to when you work out?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best, polite, yet stern, way to tell someone their breath smells like dung hole?"
"gaming"	"When feminists get on steam"
"askreddit"	"Why do kids have field day at school?"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper Admits To Unmasking Trump"
"the_donald"	"we need to do more about African Americans"
"worldnews"	"Duterte Ally Denies Extrajudicial Killings, Calling Figures ‘Alternative Facts’"
"the_donald"	"Julian Assange to CIA and their fake news lapdogs, come at me bro!"
"gaming"	"Recently picked up a copy of Sim City Classic Collector' Series!"
"the_donald"	"Democrats: 1. attack, slander, and smear black conservatives and then 2. accuse republicans of lacking diversity"
"the_donald"	"[Warning: Threads are being brigaded] It's now officially backed by peer reviewed hard science"
"the_donald"	"Nickelodeon's Social Media Director is a Far Left SHILL! Gets BTFO by Dan Scavino on Twitter!"
"funny"	"What's the brokest you've been?"
"the_donald"	"I'm going to read the new Obama biography \"Rising Star\""
"askreddit"	"Pharmacy graduates, how much debt did you have when you finished?"
"the_donald"	"Ummm, no. The fact is, I'm too busy to worry about my personal Twitter handle &amp; the comments I get from a hater… https://t.co/x7rQPL6sO1"
"the_donald"	"Obama Lapdog Sally Yates admits she overruled legal Trump Executive Order"
"askreddit"	"Redditers who are ex-smokers, how did you quit?"
"worldnews"	"PHL presents ‘real’ state of human rights before UN"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, what do you do to make the world a better place ?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of your favourite idiot-test/trick questions?"
"funny"	"Painting my cat's nails - Reaction"
"the_donald"	"MFW the shills are saying pepe was killed is no longer a meme with any more power and then we post 10 times as many pepes as usual."
"the_donald"	"Of all the Pepes out there, him being cradled in the arms of our God Emperor may be my favorite"
"the_donald"	"Serious question: When did we become a 'not my fault' society? When did we shrug off personal responsibility and start blaming all of the issues of today on someone/something else? If this continues, where will we be in 20, 30, 40, 50 years?"
"the_donald"	"THE NATIONAL SYMBOL OF FRANCE"
"the_donald"	"Not even a day after the election, and heavily armed police storm the train station in Paris."
"askreddit"	"For the over 30 crowd, what are things that you've realized you can/can't do and have to/don't have to do that you did/didn't just 5 years ago?"
"the_donald"	"We have to redact other subs, but /r/redacted can make entire threads about our sub and link threads to brigade with no problems. Bias Admins. Sad!"
"the_donald"	"IF YOU STRIKE ME DOWN, I SHALL BECOME MORE POWERFUL THAN YOU CAN POSSIBLY IMAGINE. #PEPE_FOREVER"
"askreddit"	"What does reddit gold actually useful for?"
"askreddit"	"What minor curse would you like to inflict upon your enemies?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the best way to help a friend with abusive parents?"
"askreddit"	"What are you thankful for?"
"funny"	"Didn't know Statue of Liberty is in Florida now!"
"the_donald"	"FAKE NEWS: Out of over 1000 articles written today about the Yates hearing, you will only find 3 that mention there was no evidence of collusion. That's 0.3% of the media reporting the truth. Sad!"
"the_donald"	"Trump Derangement Syndrome will worsen when Dems lose bigly in 2018. We might need to convert prisons into insane asylums in 2020 when Trump gets reelected."
"the_donald"	"California: Clinton 61%, Trump 32%. France: Macron 65%, Le Pen 35%. France is more cucked than California. Maybe we reached too high in hoping they'd get it right."
"askreddit"	"How many times until the ants?"
"the_donald"	"David Garrow: \"The Barack Obama that we saw in the White House...is a fundamentally different person from who he was in the 1990s.\" #Tucker"
"the_donald"	"Merriam-Webster corrected Trump's spelling on Tweet, causing him to Delete it and Resubmit it"
"the_donald"	"So how do you guys feel about the Trump administration wanting to get rid of net neutrality?"
"askreddit"	"What games have you stopped playing recently and why?"
"askreddit"	"What movie title is really confusing when considering the context?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]People that had their friend confess their love but the feeling wasn't mutual. How do you stay friends without being awkward?"
"the_donald"	"The Forced Migration Process is already found in Nature"
"the_donald"	"SUBVERSION ALERT: Soros Foundation board member calls for \"taxpayer-supported version of Facebook\" to bust up conservative 'echo-chambers'"
"pics"	"The evolution of my appearance based on my social media profile pictures (7years)"
"askreddit"	"What is your rarest possession?"
"askreddit"	"What does your employer do that makes things easier for the customer, but harder for the employees?"
"askreddit"	"Guys of Reddit: what 'chick flick' do you actually not mind?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you actually do want to do but social norm tells you to not do it anyway?"
"askreddit"	"Fortune Tellers / Tarot Card Readers / Psychics of Reddit: What is the method to your madness?"
"askreddit"	"Driving instructors of Reddit, what is your worst experience with a new, inexperienced driver?"
"askreddit"	"What political topic do you not understand?"
"the_donald"	"DAILY REMINDER THAT MACARONI IS A MERKEL PUPPET"
"funny"	"Let me see your (Meat)Loaf"
"the_donald"	"Trump seen with a white power flag. Is this the end for Donald Trump?"
"the_donald"	"Let us not forget about this cock holster we must make some more noise even his apology was a middle finger to President Trump"
"askreddit"	"if you were to die tomorrow, what would you do before you die, and what would be your last meal?"
"askreddit"	"What are some pictures, standup clips, or tv show skits that always make you laugh?"
"the_donald"	"I can't link the article, but Mind Control might be something the globalists are actively trying to make a reality."
"the_donald"	"\"The second amendment is not about duck hunting... It's about protecting us from [politicians] - Dr. Suzanna Gratia-Hupp"
"askreddit"	"Men who were falsely accused of rape, what were the aftereffects on your life (job, relationships, socially, etc.)?"
"funny"	"Magic Doggo Edition"
"pics"	"I took a photo of the Moon in conjunction with Jupiter last night"
"the_donald"	"\"Helping refugees &amp; immigration laws are not adverse. Laws allow US to control the process. Ignoring laws allows refugees to help themselves.\""
"askreddit"	"How do you post a video (from an iPhone) to r/aww?"
"askreddit"	"What countries don't have mental health and what do they do instead?"
"funny"	"Nemo looks a little off.."
"the_donald"	"Just a Wikipedia of \"non-binary\" actor Asia Kate Dillon written only in pronouns \"they\" and \"their.\""
"the_donald"	"PEPE the great!"
"the_donald"	"r/all needs to see this."
"askreddit"	"In the spirit of finals week, what is your favorite memory from college?"
"askreddit"	"Men how do you feel that your criteria for casual sex is \"if she has a vagina\" since you are wired to have non committed sex with multiple women and not being very selective with who you have sex with?"
"the_donald"	"I've never been so infuriated watching Tucker as I was tonight. Apparently repealing Obamacare was racist. Did the rest of you \"white boys\" see that?"
"the_donald"	"How relieved is Hillary Clinton"
"askreddit"	"What is your most ridiculous intrusive thought?"
"askreddit"	"What Word Do You Not Know What it Means Yet Haven't Bothered To Look It Up?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Should junk food be allowed to be marketed towards kids? Why/why not?"
"funny"	"Sales is an art."
"the_donald"	"Did you know the European Union has a President too? He was pleased with the results in France yesterday."
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite movie/TV trope?"
"askreddit"	"What is the celebrity name you think is lame?"
"the_donald"	"No worries, Pepe, we'll never get rid of you here!"
"the_donald"	"Now more than ever our President needs us. This is the time the world doesn't just see us online. We have to march for the changes we won't to see."
"the_donald"	"Steve Bannon's Former Hollywood Partner Breaks Silence: \"He's Not a Racist\" (Q&amp;amp;A)"
"the_donald"	"MOD REQUEST: do we need to keep being reminded of how cucked Europeans are. Can we not allow European terrorist attacks posts? Seems like a waste of our energy to help those who don't want our help"
"the_donald"	"Photo of the man who VICIOUSLY MURDERED two WHITE doctors in Boston. Media IS SILENT!!!"
"askreddit"	"Whats the dumbest rule your school has/had?"
"askreddit"	"How many people haven't made the switch from Alien Blue to the official Reddit app?"
"askreddit"	"People who work in the adult film industry, what is the weirdest experience you've had while working?"
"funny"	"Amber + Lance, forever?"
"the_donald"	"Canadian elementary school CANCELS MOTHER'S DAY to \"celebrate diversity\"."
"the_donald"	"Dave Rubin interviews the incomparable Ayaan Hirsi Ali about Islam and the lefts alliance with Islamists."
"the_donald"	"Breaking: US navy to restart freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea; challenging Chinese claims to the region."
"the_donald"	"Pepewave"
"the_donald"	"Such drama in the Senate this week: Sally Yates \"personally wrested\" over decision to overrule Trump, and Comey agonized over his decision not to charge Hillary."
"askreddit"	"What are some things that give you nostalgic flashbacks to your childhood?"
"askreddit"	"Men of reddit with DV charges, what kind of a job do you have?"
"askreddit"	"Waiters/Waitresses of Reddit, what's the strangest conversation you've overheard from customers?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest dream you have ever experienced?"
"askreddit"	"What are the moments you've felt the strongest and the weakest in your life?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best Starburst flavor?"
"funny"	"When you sell all but shirts but still need a mannequin."
"the_donald"	"War Powers Act of 1973 my ass, amiright?"
"askreddit"	"How manipulative is this guy, link in comment?"
"askreddit"	"AP Exam graders, what's the funniest thing you've seen a student put on an exam?"
"askreddit"	"People that can start a conversation with anyone how and what do you talk about?"
"pics"	"My Shrimp"
"the_donald"	"Even Democrats in a Townhall hate how Out of Touch the DNC is!"
"the_donald"	"France Happenings: Terror at Paris train station. Sorry to see that, France, but you voted for this."
"askreddit"	"What was it like to finally move away from the area you grew up in?"
"askreddit"	"What disease or illness have you diagnosed yourself with using the internet as your Dr.?"
"the_donald"	"Man, They Just Love Government Regulating the Internet...Wait, I mean Net Neutrality."
"askreddit"	"Where do cousins come from?"
"the_donald"	"GAY CENTIPEDES, How do you feel about the recent emergence of the P at the end of LGBT?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, where would I post a funny story with an audio clip as the main funny thing about the story?"
"askreddit"	"What's you're \"I done goofed\" story?"
"funny"	"Was looking at second job options and came across this Gold."
"the_donald"	"When you read stuff like this, you see how the democrats are basically communist now. Scary how Marxism has infiltrated the West! Thank goodness we have King Donald"
"askreddit"	"Movie extras, what's the best/most awkward situation you've seen on set?"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion of the show My 600lb Life?"
"gaming"	"Refurbishing a Xbox 360 Controller"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates never thought Flynn was a risk: Obama hired Gen. Flynn"
"the_donald"	"“We will no begin our surrender of this country and its people to the song of globalism,” -French President Macron"
"pics"	"Can't tell if he loves car rides or he's stalking his ex."
"the_donald"	"IT'S TIME TO CURE THE CANCER: BREAK UP THE MEDIA OWNERSHIP MONOPOLY!"
"the_donald"	"When the triggering is too strong..."
"the_donald"	"Google News shows over 1,100 articles written today about the Yates hearing. Searching those articles for \"no evidence\" gives you ONE result. That's 0.1% of the media reporting the truth. FAKE NEWS!!"
"pics"	"Not sure I'll ever be as cool as my Dad (Ruth Gorge, AK)"
"askreddit"	"What is a movie that made you cry?"
"funny"	"Don't be a fucking sheep."
"the_donald"	"Suggestion to Seattle Mayor's solution to combat soft drinks"
"the_donald"	"Such drama in Senate this week: Sally Yates \"personally wrestled\" over decision to overrule Trump, and poor Comey AGONIZED over his decision not to charge Hillary."
"pics"	"This picture of a giant sea otter makes it very easy to understand why people believed in certain mythological creatures."
"pics"	"The road to nowhere! Took this pic inside of the car through the windshield, no filter with my iPhone."
"askreddit"	"What are some well documented mysterious phenomenon?"
"funny"	"In response to a radar post I saw on the front page earlier...it's headed your way"
"the_donald"	"Isn't the burka technically homophobic?? Like, if I'm a born male who identifies as a woman will I be required to wear one under sharia law or would I not need one since I'll be headless?"
"the_donald"	"Shaq for Sheriff? Shaq wants to Run for Office in 2020"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is media now!"
"askreddit"	"What are the best browser extensions?"
"askreddit"	"How well do you think the opinions expressed on Reddit represent the average person in real life?"
"worldnews"	"Gazprom starts construction of gas pipeline to Turkey"
"funny"	"When you don't understand the homework"
"the_donald"	"“We will now begin to surrender this country and its people to the song of globalism,” -French President Macron"
"gaming"	"This steam hack will blow your mind!"
"funny"	"How I'd like to envision the world ending."
"worldnews"	"HSBC CEO says 1000 jobs possibly moving to Paris from UK"
"askreddit"	"What was your personal \"prime\" age?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why is Reddit 404'ing my post about Scripting in League of Legends?"
"the_donald"	"Metal Gear Solid: Foreshadowing Fake News"
"the_donald"	"@WikiLeaks: Obama DNI Clapper in Congress today: 3 intel agencies not 17 made Russia assessment (after thousands of \"journalists\" falsely claimed 17)"
"the_donald"	"\"U.S. Citizens Names Are Already Unmasked In My Reports\" Sally Yates Drops Bombshell During Congress!! Drain The Swamp!!!"
"askreddit"	"So everything on tv seems like regurgitation of something else. In the future I fully expect to watch Dancing with the Star Wars and Little House Hunter on the Prairie. What shows would you expect to see or watch?"
"the_donald"	"Sacred PEPE deity. Beware, if any unholy eyes gaze upon him they may be come so triggered they may have a neurotic spasm."
"pics"	"Spent a week in Lucerne Switzerland. A picture of my wife enjoying the view."
"askreddit"	"Nurses of Reddit, if you could tell nursing students one single thing, what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"When cucks post stupid comments here, take a screenshot then show their sub like we were the OP"
"the_donald"	"Nickelodeon's Social Media Director is a Far Left SHILL!"
"the_donald"	"RARE AND ILLEGAL PEPE"
"the_donald"	"by banning people who you don't like, aren't you creating a safe space?"
"pics"	"The bird that got trapped in my room"
"askreddit"	"What are the most difficult years to raise a kid?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Men, what's something that would surprise women about life as a man?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you noped right out of flirting with someone?"
"askreddit"	"What are some under appreciated shows that people should watch and why?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst side effect that you got from being kicked in the balls ?"
"askreddit"	"In your way stands multiple waves of third graders. What is your battle plan?"
"askreddit"	"What's one food in particular that is absolutely delicious when cooked right but absolutely disgusting when cooked wrong?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have raised sons through puberty, and found them to be dumb as a wet bag of hammers, and then had the chance to raise a daughter or daughters, did you find them to be less prone to being moronic during that age, or, what was your experience?"
"askreddit"	"Extras in famous movies, what movie, and what was your experience?"
"pics"	"A little over two years ago I witness a volcano explosion in southern Chile"
"askreddit"	"What rule can you add to a sport to make it better?"
"funny"	"Never open a naming contest to the public."
"the_donald"	"A message to liberals."
"askreddit"	"What food/recipe could you feasibly prepare in a functioning clothes drying machine and how?"
"the_donald"	"Reminder that even after being given EXACTLY what they want, /r/[ihateamerica] still calls BASED Mike Pence a coward"
"the_donald"	"Some Frenchie ranting on /pol/"
"the_donald"	"When you just want to watch them squirm after winning the most epic election in history"
"pics"	"1971-1972 Russian Jet Train, now in disrepair"
"askreddit"	"Women, what do you think about when we say we're not thinking of anything?"
"funny"	"*Then"
"the_donald"	"REEEEEEEEEEE! (It's a fitness app, it'll be a while before snowflakes discover this)"
"the_donald"	"Archival footage of the events of 8 May 2017"
"pics"	"Lovely Sea Turtle"
"the_donald"	"I'm pretty upset that Obama got an award in JFK's library. Globalist puppet who worked for JFK's murderers getting a participation award."
"the_donald"	"CNN is racist! Let's make this the top result when you google CNN!"
"askreddit"	"lost a bet to my roommates, who on reddit would like to help?"
"gaming"	"SHAUN, SHAUN? SHAAAAAAAAUN!!!!! Original Video - https://youtu.be/hzhg8FliL34"
"askreddit"	"What video game is there an easter egg in which you can flick the light on and off 50 times to make that masked guy appear?"
"askreddit"	"600lbs life. What would get you to your 600lbs?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best budget proposal idea?"
"the_donald"	"SOROS SALT: Citing Trump's win, Soros goon calls for \"taxpayer-supported version of Facebook\" to subvert conservatives"
"the_donald"	"Just the God Emperor riding his Rolls and listening to the radio..."
"askreddit"	"What's something that would be creepy if done with your eyes closed (or open)?"
"the_donald"	"@BuckSexton: Sounds like Yates is hiding behind \"that's classified\" to avoid a real answer to whether there was \"collusion\" Trump should declassify it."
"pics"	"Now THIS is how you keep customers coming back. Thank you Strideline!"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, if you have never traveled outside your country, why not?"
"askreddit"	"Gun owners, what would it take for you to give up your guns?"
"gaming"	"In case you haven't seen all the Horizon: Zero Dawn GIFs floating around..."
"the_donald"	"The fine folks at /pol/ are onto something..."
"the_donald"	"Actor Antonio Sabato Jr. to run for Congress against Rep. Julia Brownley"
"the_donald"	"Maxine supports the 2nd!"
"askreddit"	"Where are the deepest, darkest places of Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"what's the most unbelievable thing you've read on askreddit?"
"the_donald"	"Guys it can still happen, Dog Name Database Finally Proves Bernie Would've Won!"
"askreddit"	"What are some unspoken rules of office conduct?"
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch Custom Unboxing Mod"
"gaming"	"Christmas in 1988, I was 5 years old. Good times."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, where are you reading this question from in the world?"
"the_donald"	"We got a new guy in our game... It was introduction time. We are now all from Kekistan!!!"
"the_donald"	"May as well pack it up folks. Delete this sub. Impeach POTUS. Appoint Hillary. Import Islam. It's been a good run. But we simply do not stand a chance against these Antifa thugs. ='("
"pics"	"That car is driving itself"
"askreddit"	"5 centuries ago, everyone thought the earth was flat. What do people think to be common sense that 5 centuries from now will be debunked?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most difficult course you took in college and what did you learn from it?"
"askreddit"	"The last scary movie you watched just became your reality, what movie was it and how do you plan on surviving?"
"the_donald"	"SALTY SOROS: Citing Trump's win, Soros goon calls for \"taxpayer-supported version of Facebook\" to FORCE conservatives to look at globalist news sources"
"the_donald"	"Craziest thing I can think of in Park slope Brooklyn is that its becoming even more white, even though most of them voted for Hillary and love Obama."
"askreddit"	"whats your opinion on the recent popularity of Bariatric surgery?"
"gaming"	"Current Gen Retro Gaming!"
"the_donald"	"Hi Visitors"
"the_donald"	"Fuck you France!"
"the_donald"	"Liberal finally thinks he understands what winning feels like after the French election, forgets who his president is."
"pics"	"Penguin Parade"
"askreddit"	"Programmers of Reddit,what's the most ingenious bit of coding you've seen?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary."
"the_donald"	"The headline at r/redacted after former NSA Director states he found \"no evidence\" of COLLUSION between the Trump campaign and Russia. Clapper concluded this from reports by the FBI, CIA and NSA."
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time and change your career path what would you change it to?"
"askreddit"	"Weight lifters of Reddit, if you had to share one tip to a newcomer, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What's a decision you've made recently that you regret?"
"askreddit"	"What qualities does a sperm need to have to win?"
"askreddit"	"What do you not regret buying?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] People who work in adult entertainment, what is the weirdest experience you've had while working?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst/most visually gruesome injury you've seen or had?"
"askreddit"	"What's your most wholesome story?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, how's it going?"
"funny"	"I got this \"fill in the blank\" mothers day card, I thought I should be honest..."
"gaming"	"Current Gen Retro Gaming!"
"askreddit"	"What would be the most awkward home for a genie?"
"funny"	"That feeling..."
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite tongue twister?"
"askreddit"	"What is the refugee crisis in Europe? What is being done to help these peoples' home countries?"
"the_donald"	"Clapper: Intel Community Could Not ‘Corroborate’ Trump Dossier"
"the_donald"	"Immigrant Charged With Slitting 2 Doctors’ Throats, Shooting at Police Had Previous Record of Bank Robberies"
"the_donald"	"Welcome"
"askreddit"	"People of Washington DC what are some cool things to do there on a visit, and where is a good place to stay?"
"askreddit"	"How old were you when you lost your virginity?"
"the_donald"	"To whomever makes comics, may you please think about this idea for one"
"askreddit"	"What person what the biggest impact on your life?"
"the_donald"	"FAKE NEWS!!!"
"the_donald"	"There are a bunch of photos of the new president of France, but I have not seen a single photo of the beautiful first lady."
"funny"	"Dan the cave man"
"the_donald"	"☆☆Clint Eastwood for Sergeant-at-Arms☆☆"
"askreddit"	"What the annoying habit that you have?"
"the_donald"	"More MSM lied Confirmed... BACK TO WORK PEDES!! WE NEES TO UNMASK THESE OBAMA SHILLS FOR WHAT THEY ARE TRAITORS!!"
"the_donald"	"#FakeNews Exposed: Clapper Undermines '17 Intelligence Agencies' Narrative"
"the_donald"	"The US Navy will restart so-called Freedom of Navigation Operations (FONOPs) in the South China Sea to challenge claims by China to exclusive access in the sea!"
"askreddit"	"What unexpected but awesome thing happened to you today?"
"the_donald"	"Please Enjoy All A Snack Bar"
"askreddit"	"People who have been abducted or almost abducted by a kidnapper, what happened?"
"the_donald"	"Muslims go stab, stab, stab. 11 people hacked to death in 2 weeks in the UK Out, out, out!"
"pics"	"Photo realism"
"the_donald"	"Who compelled Sally Yates to Act? GOP Senators want to Know why"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit's are the biggest circle jerks?"
"askreddit"	"What are some areas that are never looked at or used during the apocalypse?"
"askreddit"	"When stories are exposed of students sleeping with teachers for higher grades, what happens to the grade? Does the student have to take the course over?"
"pics"	"Retired a 26 year old tool today. Here it is next to its replacement. The old level still reads true after years of stonework."
"askreddit"	"Your highest rated comment and yourbmosy recent comment combine into one super comment. What's it say?"
"the_donald"	"Ancient Kekistani Ritual. Kurt Eichenwald would be wise not to gaze upon it."
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates: \"Michael Flynn was Compromised by RUSSIA\""
"pics"	"Hail in Lakewood CO today"
"askreddit"	"What are the shortcuts that you always use?"
"funny"	"Tfw you realize your parents don't actually love you"
"the_donald"	"Somewhere in a Galaxy Far Far Away!"
"askreddit"	"People who very rarely cry - what was the last film/song/etc that made you?"
"askreddit"	"What is a mainstream item that you hate, and what is your alternative?"
"funny"	"tattoo suggestion"
"the_donald"	"Life and Combat for Republicans at Berkeley"
"worldnews"	"North Korea's mystery islands: Man-made keys could be new nuclear launch sites"
"pics"	"This is now the tallest building in New Jersey and is owned by the Kushner family - Journal Squared"
"funny"	"This Snapchat filter"
"the_donald"	"Bill Maher makes Terrible &amp; Tasteless INCEST Joke about Ivanka Trump"
"the_donald"	"CENSOR THIS"
"askreddit"	"What is the most ignorant/uneducated thing you've ever heard someone say?"
"gaming"	"Golf With Your Friends trolling"
"worldnews"	"In a First, Japan Wants to Buy Tomahawk Cruise Missiles"
"the_donald"	"FEMEN protesting potentially having the first female leader of France. (SFW if your boss is cool with tits.)"
"askreddit"	"You're sent out into the Savannah with nothing but a toothbrush, some Colgate, and a pith helmet. You can't come home until you've brushed the teeth of a lion. How will you accomplish this?"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing you witnessed in high school?"
"askreddit"	"When you log on FB all contacts see online and then when you log off see 1,2,3 hrs ago. Is there a way to go stealth to where that never shows? They never know if you have been on FB?"
"the_donald"	"Paris Train Station EVACUATED as Armed Police Storm Europe's Busiest Station"
"askreddit"	"What's one of your favorite games on Steam that costs under 15 USD?"
"askreddit"	"What have you learned from Reddit?"
"gaming"	"Drone racing. Dive dive dive! Video games meet real life!"
"gaming"	"You can download this 'Adventure Maker'"
"the_donald"	"You will not silence me"
"askreddit"	"What's the cutest thing you've seen today?"
"askreddit"	"What was the first time you got kicked in the balls ?"
"askreddit"	"How does one find their dream job?"
"askreddit"	"How different is your \"online\" personality from your real life one ?"
"the_donald"	"Yates says Michael Flynn \"was Compromised by RUSSIA\"! Here we go AGAIN! Russia, Russia, Russia..."
"the_donald"	"The left is full of leadership that enables a long list of destructive delusions."
"askreddit"	"What's with the 'why are you still subscribed here?' question popping up multiple times a day?"
"pics"	"My friend made a fidget spinner."
"askreddit"	"What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have done in front of your friends?"
"the_donald"	"UCLA Professors employ FEARMONGERING to Protest Trump"
"askreddit"	"Other than throwing stones (or masturbating in the daytime, Bo Burnham fans) , what's another thing you shouldn't do in a glass house?"
"the_donald"	"We as American people, must care about net neutrality if we are to continue to roast liberals with moderate to fast internet connection!"
"askreddit"	"Wtf seriously? what the?"
"the_donald"	"YOUR GROUPTHINK WILL NOT BREAK OUR SPIRIT"
"the_donald"	"Historical lithograph of events in Paris France Early 2017."
"the_donald"	"They CONNED US: \"Education is the answer to EVERYTHING.\" First of all, how dare anyone question such noble B.$! So, we couldn't even question what the question was."
"the_donald"	"PRAISE KEK, HE IS RISEN!"
"askreddit"	"What's something you wish you had done sooner?"
"the_donald"	"DOWNVOTE THIS, CUCK!"
"funny"	"Hey guys, what's for dinner?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you totally speechless aside from my magic stick?"
"gaming"	"PUBG Jump Scare"
"askreddit"	"What desert is the best?"
"the_donald"	"To all the democrats, liberals, sjw's, haters etc."
"askreddit"	"If you had to do a frontflip in the next 5 seconds, what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"what do you think of mass monster bodybuilders?"
"the_donald"	"I like the First Amendment and the Second one too"
"the_donald"	"\"Spying Keeps Us Safe?\" Former NSA Lawyer Defends Intelligence Community on Tucker Carlson Tonight"
"the_donald"	"The CID arrests many young inexperienced soldiers every year for and most convicted for these young folks are destroyed with a dishonorable discharge, most of these truly had no idea what they have done, but Hillary and staff knew what they were doing such bullshit Arrest them now!"
"askreddit"	"What's the best free thing you've ever gotten from your work?"
"the_donald"	"What if I blamed all internet criticism on Russia in order to kill free speech? Then I'd always win!"
"askreddit"	"Who do you have a crush on at work?"
"worldnews"	"500 Tons of Sand Stolen From Jamaican Beach"
"the_donald"	"Good quote in a book I'm reading \"Idealists mature badly, if they can’t outgrow their idealism they become hypocrites, or blind. Fixating so much on the flaws of those that oppose them, they make themselves out to be paragons.\""
"the_donald"	"Based Shaq does not buy the anti-cop rhetoric spewed by SJW BLDM! More support our Men and Women in uniforms!"
"the_donald"	"They aren't sending their best, folks..."
"askreddit"	"What is as tasty as precum?"
"askreddit"	"What was your clever solution to a problem that you havent had a chance to tell anyone about?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What smartphone app do you use to make phone calls?"
"gaming"	"I've been playing around with Fallout 4 mods"
"askreddit"	"Flat Earth believers of Reddit. Why? What's your evidence?Most importantly how do you explain the view of a spherical Earth from space?"
"askreddit"	"Referees of Reddit, what's the funniest exchange of \"chirping\" you've heard while officiating a game or match?"
"the_donald"	"More fake news from CNN"
"askreddit"	"What would happen if ants were 100 times stronger than they are now?"
"the_donald"	"Heard Dancing With The Stars got a new couple this season..."
"the_donald"	"I have watched Tucker, tuck the democrat kiddies into bed every evening since he got put into the 7 pm time-slot."
"the_donald"	"Historical lithograph depicting events in Paris early 2017."
"the_donald"	"Conflicting reports of Trump's view of H.R MacMaster. Thoughts?"
"askreddit"	"You've just been granted the power to immediately outlaw any three things in your country, what do you ban?"
"askreddit"	"How did you get yourself out of your rut?"
"worldnews"	"India, Japan to strengthen defence cooperation for ‘regional stability’"
"askreddit"	"What will be the \"earth is flat\" 500 years from now?"
"askreddit"	"Trapped in a room for eternity with a computer and an internet connection, what would be the fastest way to make money?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you've overthought so much about it hurts ?"
"funny"	"Will you help me get doonoots?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump when he's not tweeting."
"funny"	"Friend selling truck for $18,000. A couple offers attached, no sale."
"the_donald"	"As a Brit, I am happy to have cartoons drawn mocking us and congratulating France over votes, instead of cartoons consoling France over more citizens murdered by Muslims."
"the_donald"	"Calm your tits people, this sub is NOT getting banned. They ban us Reddit dies. For the past year we are the main reason there's even traffic in this CUCKED website... This site SUCKS to be honest..."
"the_donald"	"If T_D is banned, Reddit will have shut down half of the subs to have ever hosted a President of the United States for an AMA."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What makes you keep going/stops you giving up on your life, or aspects of it?"
"worldnews"	"Japan vows to help energy and urban development in Vietnam"
"the_donald"	"Do you carrot all?"
"askreddit"	"What is a troll?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most bizarre case of 'Free Range Parenting' (Opposite of helicopter parenting) that you've heard of?"
"funny"	"You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about"
"the_donald"	"This subreddit is a circle jerk of idiots. It's hilarious to me how you all think so highly of yourselves."
"askreddit"	"What do you do to be happy when you're sad?"
"the_donald"	"GLASS CEILING BROKEN!!!!"
"the_donald"	"MFW I hear \"36 genders\""
"pics"	"Picture of my dog at the park, nearly perfect pitch black silhouette with no filters on the photo."
"askreddit"	"If you were a supervillain whose power only causes minor inconveniences to people, what would your power be?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you might think is a perfectly romantic thing to say to your significant other, but might also be taken the wrong way?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most mind-blowing movie you have ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what makes you feel alive?"
"askreddit"	"What did you sell that you really didn't want to?"
"funny"	"don't drive in a rolls royce or you might get eggs thrown at your car"
"the_donald"	"Build the wall and make El Chapo pay for it!"
"the_donald"	"MRW I see a complaint about this sub on reddit"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Americans who are against paying higher taxes for Universal Healthcare because it's your money but don't say anything when asked to pay higher taxes for war and the military, why are okay with one and not the other?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever taken drugs without knowing the actual effects and how did that turn out?"
"the_donald"	"\"BREAKING: The French National Anthem has been changed from 'La Marseillaise' to Van Halen's 'Hot for Teacher'\""
"askreddit"	"Therapists of Reddit, when did you realize that the patient could not be helped?"
"funny"	"A Bit TOO Excited for Prom"
"the_donald"	"Triggered?"
"pics"	"Distance between the earth and the moon"
"askreddit"	"What is the 'it doesn't scan so it must be free' of your profession?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit what's the weirdest thing you've witnessed in a strip club?"
"askreddit"	"If you died and became a ghost, what would you attempt to do with your minimal interaction with the physical world?"
"the_donald"	"God bless America!"
"the_donald"	"40% of France is Muslim... that means only 20% of non Muslims voted for Macron (assuming they all voted against an anti islam candidate)"
"funny"	"RIP Pepe"
"the_donald"	"La France est stupide"
"askreddit"	"Whole Foods employees of reddit - why the change in friendliness lately? Benefits cut? Merit increases delayed or removed? You used to be so friendly now there is almost a visible annoyance to your customers. What happened?"
"gaming"	"Posted on a stop sign in my neighborhood"
"the_donald"	"Let's Play \"Guess Who Built A Wall\""
"askreddit"	"What happened that resulted in an unspoken agreement to never discuss again?"
"pics"	"A pic I took of a Luna moth a few years ago"
"askreddit"	"Parents, what are you embarrassed to admit about your parenting experiences?"
"the_donald"	"Wisconsin Students Demand Control Over Cops Because ‘F**K THE POLICE’ Graffiti Vandal Got Busted"
"the_donald"	"Brigade-proof Pepe!"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst confrontation you've been involved in?"
"askreddit"	"Why do some metal listeners think they're superior just because they listen to metal?"
"the_donald"	"4th Circuit Appeals court BTFO ACLU lawyer trying to argue for the moratorium on Trump's Travel Ban"
"pics"	"Polar Bear waiting for the sea ice in Churchill, Manitoba, Canada"
"the_donald"	"Very Fake News BTFO"
"the_donald"	"France is already getting what it voted for, unfortunately."
"funny"	"When your resume said you speak 7 languages."
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest memory you have brought back by smell?"
"askreddit"	"If a genie had a personality corresponding to their home, what would be their home and personality?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you do, that annoys you when other people do it?"
"askreddit"	"What is a delicious, simple recipe that a newbie could learn to cook for others?"
"funny"	"I had a job interview today and my mom sent a picture of me in my suit to my grandma. Her response:"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't the first half of the caption completely contradict the second half though.....and isn't it offensive to call women, girls??"
"askreddit"	"What is the best entrance you've seen a wedding party make to a reception?"
"the_donald"	"Just a pic of radicals that believed in natural rights, capitalism and freedom of speech."
"the_donald"	"You know we're winning when Soros has an employee of his foundation write an article in The Atlantic calling for state-run social media to force Trump supporters to look at globalist news sources :)"
"the_donald"	"We will not surrender to the false song!"
"the_donald"	"Truck of Peace: Antifabulous"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what's the weirdest thing about you?"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] If you could have a threesome with any two people in the world, with the stipulation that their names had to rhyme, who would you choose?"
"the_donald"	"My daughter told me Pepe was not dead... she could make one with her hands!"
"the_donald"	"MUY CALIENTE"
"the_donald"	"ELI5: Why does Twitter love Maxine Waters?"
"askreddit"	"Why is rape more frowned upon than murder?"
"the_donald"	"What a suprise after the French elected a traitor who hates them: Macron snubs French national anthem &amp; walks out to EU song after win"
"the_donald"	"Liberalism is a mental disorder"
"the_donald"	"The media is the enemy of the people. Out of 1,100+ articles, only one of them mentions no evidence of collusion. THIS IS VERY FAKE NEWS!"
"askreddit"	"Why is it not okay to insult people for their race, gender or sexual orientation but okay to insult people with below average intelligence ?"
"askreddit"	"You find out your SO posts on r/gonewild on the regular, what do you do?"
"the_donald"	"Islam is evil."
"askreddit"	"What's the Worst Movie Trailer You've Ever Seen?"
"askreddit"	"What is a good website for a free background check on yourself?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are some frightening Theories, Events, and Ideas you hope aren't true?"
"funny"	"Wow...guess I better change my approach"
"the_donald"	"Former Obama DHS Official On ISIS Slaughtering Egyptian Christians: ‘What Goes Around, Comes Around’"
"the_donald"	"Yay, we're a hate group woo! Thanks Reddit! We all LOVE you ALL!"
"funny"	"My child's kindergarten teacher and her husband"
"worldnews"	"Phoenix police say they have nabbed the serial shooter who killed 9"
"askreddit"	"What information have you been given recently that will change your life?"
"askreddit"	"What superpower would make your job a lot more enjoyable?"
"funny"	"Phatdik Cribs - Debut Album \"2 Balls and a Sack\" dropping Summer 2017"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump is the next and future Ronald Reagan-- thats good news"
"funny"	"Nuns attempting exorcism on cheeky punk guy"
"askreddit"	"How did you change someone else's life?"
"askreddit"	"What is this thing Tenga?"
"the_donald"	"How can Pepe be dead?! I made sure I paid attention to him!"
"worldnews"	"South Korea election: Polls open to choose new president - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"A college education now only has value if it's STEM related. Pedes, don't go into debt unless STEM or trade."
"askreddit"	"Supervisors and managers of reddit, how annoyed would you be if a sick person came into work?"
"the_donald"	"Progressives Protest New ‘Captain America’ Book By Burning It"
"the_donald"	"Socialism is a lie"
"askreddit"	"What's the most ridiculous thing you've ever seen/heard someone get offended by?"
"askreddit"	"How did you get over your parents' death?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst you've been tickled?"
"askreddit"	"Attention Daycare/Childcare workers of Reddit. What's the funniest thing that has ever happened at work?"
"the_donald"	"The headline story at r/redacted after former NSA Director states he found \"no evidence\" of COLLUSION between the Trump campaign and Russia. Clapper concluded this from reports by the FBI, CIA and NSA."
"the_donald"	"Che may have killed gays but he wasn't getting any babes."
"the_donald"	"MRW they won't air the president's commercial, but will allow autists screeching out \"cockholster\""
"the_donald"	"Poland will be the last nation standing against the hordes... again. They will save Western civilization... again. I STAND WITH POLAND."
"the_donald"	"Dnc is a hack"
"askreddit"	"Flat-earthers, how do you explain the earth being flat without having an edge?"
"gaming"	"I want to play singleplayer games"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the worst \"... Step 2? .... Step 3: Profit!\" plans?"
"the_donald"	"A question"
"askreddit"	"Everybody on reddit. What is the best Application on your phone?"
"askreddit"	"Why are you superficial?"
"askreddit"	"Which of Sonic's milkshakes are the best and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest thing you did while visiting a foreign country?"
"the_donald"	"PSA: Be careful walking your pets in France"
"askreddit"	"What's your idea for a worthless invention? (ie pedal powered wheelchair, helicopter ejector seat)?"
"askreddit"	"What's it like to have panic disorder?"
"the_donald"	"I made this last year. Still a classic. Thought I'd share with my fellow Patriots."
"askreddit"	"What is the spiciest gossip you know?"
"the_donald"	"Question for pedes (non-political)"
"askreddit"	"What is the most generic group of people you know, and what do they all do the same?"
"askreddit"	"In Maine, the term \"dooryard\" means the yard that your front door opens onto. What regional terms or slang does your area use?"
"askreddit"	"What is the thing that people should stop doing on social media today?"
"gaming"	"Zynga Poker as a Snapchat lens"
"the_donald"	"Doesn't the first half of the caption completely contradict the second half? And isn't isn't offensive to call women, girls??"
"askreddit"	"How do people make money from property? [Serious]"
"funny"	"THIS is science."
"gaming"	"These guys managed to do absolutely NOTHING in Rust and still had a blast doing it"
"the_donald"	"Watch Tucker Carlson BTFO of Democrat Defending Racism"
"the_donald"	"Serious question: When we inevitably get SJW'ed off Reddit, where do we meet up next? Is there another place for us?"
"pics"	"The hail that came down randomly today in Denver, Colorado"
"askreddit"	"What iconic movie scene would be ruined if there was no background music played?"
"askreddit"	"International redditors, what exotic foreign memes do you have in your country?"
"askreddit"	"According to your significant other, what is your superpower and (superhero/superheroin/villain) name?"
"funny"	"Normally I hate these, but this I agree with."
"worldnews"	"US committed to Tibetan issue, says Tillerson"
"worldnews"	"China human rights lawyer Xie Yang 'admits being brainwashed' - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"Everyone thinks the media is a joke."
"the_donald"	"Trump is the undisputed champ when it comes to twitter: his updated background"
"gaming"	"The ol' runaround (x-post /r/PS4) [The Last of Us]"
"the_donald"	"The Madman👌"
"the_donald"	"I am alive and ready to rumble!"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] People who work in adult entertainment, what is the weirdest encounter you've had while working?"
"the_donald"	"THIS IS NEW 😂"
"askreddit"	"Why did your almost relationship not work out?"
"the_donald"	"Here in Britain a politician that spoke out about leftist politicians covering up Muslim rape gangs has been sued into bankruptcy by said politicians. This despite the fact that the police themselves and child protective services admitted that the abuse was widely known and that they covered it up."
"askreddit"	"What's the charm of shoegaze music?"
"funny"	"I made this job fair poster 6 years ago when I did public relations for law enforcement."
"the_donald"	"Reminder that muslimes had been added to Minecraft"
"the_donald"	"lol, Sorry Hillary. Sorry La Pen. Rich White Business men need only apply."
"the_donald"	"LEAKED MOVIE SET PIC! - PEPE Starring in 'STAYING ALIVE - 2017'"
"askreddit"	"What was your worst fart?"
"askreddit"	"What is the first principle of flirting?"
"pics"	"Rainbow in the clouds"
"pics"	"For every upvote I will pet my dog and tell him he's a good boy"
"askreddit"	"Theater nerds, what is your personal favorite musical?"
"askreddit"	"What is your embarrassing \"oh God, why?\" moment?"
"funny"	"Daughter's birthday and wife gets home... Honey we gotta have a discussion about the​ squirter in the room."
"funny"	"SCAMMER CAUGHT RED HANDED"
"funny"	"Cancer in a cup"
"the_donald"	"Enroll this illegal in SIDWELL FRIENDS SCHOOL - This thug brought a stolen AR-15 on the property of Albert Einstein High School, along with a stolen car. Police say he stole the rifle days before from a police vehicle."
"the_donald"	"George Soros and Chobani owner 👬"
"pics"	"Spring in Miami."
"worldnews"	"Head of Isis in Afghanistan, Abdul Hasib, confirmed killed in joint US operation"
"the_donald"	"They know his secret. Praise kek"
"askreddit"	"What one thing should everyone add to their morning routine?"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest \"Rookie mistake\" moment?"
"askreddit"	"bus drivers of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you've ever rolled up on at a stop?"
"funny"	"Gimme!"
"the_donald"	"Who misappropriated 3 Billion Dollars? This Guy!"
"worldnews"	"WeChat: Russia blocks China's biggest messaging app"
"pics"	"[Fiji] Me lighting the final cauldron while my partner cheers me on, winning \"Kicking &amp; Screaming\" season 1 &amp; $500k"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, if you have never traveled outside your country and want to, why not?"
"funny"	"Don't drive a rolls royce and attempt to promote rentgene.com or you might get eggs thrown at your car"
"the_donald"	"Never seen such a turd-burglar in my life."
"askreddit"	"Campers of Reddit,what the most NSFW thing you've seen in the woods?"
"the_donald"	"Is anybody else's comment history not coming up??"
"the_donald"	"Based El Rushbo shared a veeery interesting theory today..."
"pics"	"Check out the interior of this house"
"askreddit"	"How is a restraining order enforced if both parties randomly meet at a grocery store/movie theater/other public setting?"
"gaming"	"When you ask a question, and AMD shoots back with those spicy memes."
"the_donald"	"President Donald J. Trump Announces Judicial Candidate Nominations"
"the_donald"	"That didn't take long"
"the_donald"	"Analyzing a counter intelligence cyber operation: How Macron just cha…"
"askreddit"	"Why would one be very anxious around the one they love?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best line from any movie that has stuck with you?"
"askreddit"	"What is something only you know that everyone should know?"
"askreddit"	"What is the cringiest moment you have had involving the other gender?"
"askreddit"	"What's your go-to app when you've got some time to kill with friends?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the most paranoia-inducing piece of information you know?"
"askreddit"	"You are a professional hitman... what trait makes you so dangerously effective (or terrible) at the job?"
"funny"	"I'm not trying to look a gift horse in the mouth. Unless the horse is single..."
"the_donald"	"ICYMI- Ron Perlman (Hellboy) is also an Anti-Trump Snowflake. Add another dumbass celebrity to my boycott list..."
"the_donald"	"Crazy libtard wants all cops dead"
"funny"	"FAKE BLOOD PRANK (GONE WRONG!!!!!)"
"funny"	"I'm high as a kite wow!"
"the_donald"	"Just when I thought they couldn't find any more ways to claim racism, they go ahead and do this."
"the_donald"	"MEANWHILE IN AMERICA"
"pics"	"There was a hail storm in Colorado today..."
"askreddit"	"[serious] Do you ever worry about death or wonder what happens to us once we've kicked the bucket ?"
"askreddit"	"If everything you wrote down was instantly erased from your memory, what would you write down to forget?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most controversial person in history?"
"the_donald"	"A word on distractions, and the crisis of confidence in the political establishment that was in fact, the central reason Trump was elected."
"askreddit"	"If you could remove one year from history, which would it be and why?"
"worldnews"	"Irish beach reappears 33 years after being washed away"
"pics"	"It looks like a desert underwater"
"askreddit"	"What are some unique tattoo spots?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst reaction you have had to a bad event or bad news?"
"funny"	"Turtle steals sunbathing spot."
"askreddit"	"Y'all now who Blood Orange is?"
"askreddit"	"Is there a random stranger who impacted you more than they would ever know?"
"askreddit"	"What are your funniest Daylight Savings Time change stories?"
"gaming"	"Successful marketing from Strafe"
"the_donald"	"Dont mind me, just posting a selfpost that will trigger SJWs."
"askreddit"	"Why are you grateful?"
"the_donald"	"Judge Rejects Immediate Block of Confederate Monument Removal"
"askreddit"	"Facebook isn't working right now, what would you do if it would stay like this forever?"
"pics"	"Beautiful wildlife."
"askreddit"	"If a guy says he doesn't enjoy penis and is thereby not gay but enjoys his own penis, what does that make him?"
"funny"	"Thank you, Google"
"the_donald"	"Kim Jung Un's Nuclear Missiles Must be Pointy! He learned from his Uncle."
"the_donald"	"Democrats fund international hate"
"the_donald"	"Just found this article on a fake CNN website with complete #FakeNews - I wonder how many people fell for it... smh"
"askreddit"	"What is the most annoying inconvenience that you face on a daily basis?"
"askreddit"	"What? You want a piece of me?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]If your parents told you they had a huge secret they had to tell you about yourself, what would you suspect it to be?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what is a profile picture you see on an account for anything, and already know you don't like that person?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most attractive quality?"
"worldnews"	"White House advisors called Ottawa to urge Trudeau to help talk Trump down from scrapping NAFTA"
"the_donald"	"Being a Communist would no longer be cause for losing a state job under bill narrowly approved in Assembly"
"askreddit"	"How big is your bed, without using numbers?"
"askreddit"	"Facebook is down, who is responsible and is this the end ?"
"gaming"	"Would YOU like to know how long YOUR penis is?"
"the_donald"	"Just joined Gab.ai, first post, feels good man ✌🐸✌"
"askreddit"	"What was the last exam you took? (And how did you do?)"
"askreddit"	"Why do girls hate fukboys?"
"askreddit"	"Guys of reddit, what do you do to appear \"tough\"?"
"worldnews"	"Attorneys: Giant rabbit may have died while locked in freezer by United employees after international flight"
"worldnews"	"Researchers find 6,500 genes which expressed at different levels in men or women."
"the_donald"	"And subreddits are collapsing and constantly clashing, t_d continues to stay a tight knight community"
"pics"	"Hudson River"
"askreddit"	"What was the last exam you took?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you wish everyone knew about you?"
"askreddit"	"What dream of yours did you give up on and why did you give up on it?"
"the_donald"	"WORLD OUT OF WHACK &amp;amp; READY TO BLOW -- David McAlvany"
"the_donald"	"Can't they see it's dead anyway?"
"askreddit"	"If you were the last person on earth, where would you live?"
"pics"	"Downtown San Francisco, CA"
"askreddit"	"What? Mary had a little _______?"
"askreddit"	"What's a team building exercise you've participated in that was actually fun and seemed to strengthen ties/bonds?"
"askreddit"	"how do you respond to anti muslim rhetoric?"
"worldnews"	"The great climate silence: we are on the edge of the abyss but we ignore it"
"the_donald"	"WTF - Middle Schooler suspended because he liked a gun on Instagram"
"askreddit"	"People who have or have had Mononucleosis, what were relationships like after your found out and what did your long term recovery look like?"
"the_donald"	"Roseanne Barr &gt; Clinton"
"askreddit"	"What happened on the best day of your life?"
"funny"	"When dinner is so good, you lose track of where you are."
"the_donald"	"‘Separate But Equal’: Black Harvard Students to Hold Blacks ONLY Commencement Ceremony"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest completely made up thing you can convince me is true?"
"askreddit"	"Where does the phrase \"I'll dance at your wedding\" originate from?"
"askreddit"	"What was the weirdest reason your SO had to leave the date?"
"askreddit"	"People who have done illegal activities, what is the closest you have come to getting caught?"
"askreddit"	"Folks who conceal strong sentiments against the religion constantly mentioned in the news, what needs to happen for you to openly speak out against them?"
"the_donald"	"TAKE A LOOK AT THE MADMAN'S TWITTER HEADER"
"askreddit"	"Why does every package of strawberries at the supermarket always contain at least SOME rotten strawberries?"
"the_donald"	"I made this right after the inauguration. My bad for saying last year. I was thinking of the election. Lol."
"askreddit"	"Who is that weird person you know?"
"funny"	"Guardians of The Galaxy 2 is great."
"askreddit"	"When you go bead for sleeping ?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's the absolute worst movie that you've ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who genuinely enjoy your job, what do you do, and what do you enjoy about it?"
"the_donald"	"MILO RETURNS"
"the_donald"	"Massive police operation underway at Paris’ Gare du Nord station"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have had an \"accident\" while watching a scary​ movie/show. What movie or show was it?"
"the_donald"	"Hey guys!! TOPKEK!! Even the DNC is hiring! Some fine pedes could #MAGA!"
"askreddit"	"What do you think is an useful double major for Electrical Engineering?"
"askreddit"	"What was your 'wake up call' moment in life?"
"askreddit"	"What are some sites or videos that have everything there is to know about Macroeconomics?"
"gaming"	"Would YOU like to know how long YOUR penis is?"
"gaming"	"Nier Automata - Sprint Attack Sprint"
"the_donald"	"MAGA: President Trump announces 10 nominees to fill lower federal court seats"
"askreddit"	"Spouse started an online clothing store (Trainrecckk) what are some tips/no-nos?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People who have been/lived to China. How is it like to be a minority in China?"
"askreddit"	"Why are you bummed out about your life?"
"the_donald"	"We are getting brigaded! FIGHT BACK! Upvote your brother's post! DO YOUR PART!"
"the_donald"	"Trump: \"One thing I've learned about the press is that they're always hungry for a good story, and the more sensational the better...The point is that if you are a little different, a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you.\""
"askreddit"	"What movie would have no plot if one of the characters did something slightly different?"
"the_donald"	"Yates takes heat over refusal to defend Trump travel ban"
"askreddit"	"What was the first ever reddit post?"
"askreddit"	"Why do some people enjoy Free Jazz?"
"askreddit"	"What Experiences With Prednisone Have You Had?"
"the_donald"	"We've been LIED to! Macron didn't win..."
"askreddit"	"How do spatial dimensions work? Would a four dimensional object exist in our 3 dimensional world?"
"askreddit"	"You are in a boring situation in class and you have to self amuse with your imagination, how do you self amuse?"
"worldnews"	"China offers to rename OBOR to allay India’s fears"
"the_donald"	"French Police are searching for 3 highly dangerous ASIAN suspects"
"the_donald"	"He will forever live on"
"the_donald"	"Hey Loser Brigade! I'm glad you actually got a job and I'm sure you're tired from downvoting 6 million patriots' posts and comments. Too bad fuckers here's another one for you. NOW GET BACK TO WORK YOU PATHETIC PIECES OF SHIT."
"pics"	"I asked my girlfriend if she wanted to go to Australia for her birthday, but instead I pulled a switcharoo."
"askreddit"	"Do you watch porn with you partner? Why or why not? Nsfw"
"the_donald"	"Other subreddits are collapsing from heavy infighting over politics as t_d stands strong as a United community and shitposts 🐸👌🏻"
"askreddit"	"Whats the worst mistake you ve done during an exam?"
"funny"	"NASA has a sense of humor"
"gaming"	"Is \"Powerstation2\" a thing? If so, what does it do? Found in a thrift store in NJ selling for $15."
"askreddit"	"What is something that your \"poor\" friend did when you were growing up that you didn't see done anywhere else?"
"askreddit"	"What movie is way better the second time?"
"funny"	"What that Purple Mattress powder really is.."
"askreddit"	"What's the sluttiest thing you've ever done?"
"the_donald"	"LANDSLIDE Victory goes to Jeb!"
"askreddit"	"What was your biggest heartbreak?"
"the_donald"	"CNN - Deported man's wife and friends rethink voting for Trump. Never in trouble, 17 years ago detained. Released after being issued a immigration court order for \"voluntary departure\". He didn't leave, automatically became a \"final order of removal\" which is deported."
"askreddit"	"Chefs of Reddit: What is your craziest burn story?"
"funny"	"Was listening to Melissa Etheridge and looked up lesbian rock and this was the first thing that came up."
"askreddit"	"What song title best describes you?"
"askreddit"	"Why or why not is it dumb to leave comments on the internet?"
"askreddit"	"Cats of Reddit, why do you meow?"
"askreddit"	"Jewelry store workers of Reddit, what is your craziest engagement ring/ wedding band story?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors of the world, what's something cool you can learn to do when you're bored?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to masturbate to one thing (picture, video, other media) for the rest of your life, what would you pick? [NSFW]"
"the_donald"	"Lib \"Logic\"."
"the_donald"	"Kellyanne Conway: Standing out for calling out the nonsense. https://t.co/XFCpriLBom"
"the_donald"	"Italian News Crew doing a pro-immigrant piece assaulted by immigrants on Live TV."
"the_donald"	"LISTEN UP FELLOW CATERPILLARS! Let's all lay off the refugees in France OK? This isn't the first time France took in undocumented people, who were just looking for a better life! You all forgot this also happened in the 1940s! France WELCOMES ALL NEWCOMERS!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Clergy and other Religious Professionals of Reddit, what is the creepiest/weirdest thing you have seen on the job?"
"funny"	"My girlfriend the peacock"
"funny"	"I don't understand why this is a website."
"the_donald"	"Funny how the bots for the extreme left need 15 different subreddits"
"askreddit"	"What's the best Mario Kart course?"
"askreddit"	"Can you sneeze with a broken nose, if you can what does it feel like and if we can't, why not?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Jeb! wins France"
"funny"	"His tinder bio...\"Yes it's really me in my profile picture...\""
"the_donald"	"Proud Kekistani Soldiers Raising the Holy Banner! Praise KEK!"
"pics"	"Decorated my graduation cap like the cover of Kanye West'a \"Graduation\""
"funny"	"Somebody is holding a grudge about something"
"the_donald"	"I mean come on... did we really think France was gonna pass up on flying their favorite flag this election?"
"the_donald"	"I crafted my cat to have a Trump Doo - thought you lads and ladies would enjoy."
"the_donald"	"Ramadan Is From May 27th To June 24th - Reserve Squares On Your French Islamic Terror Pool Today"
"askreddit"	"If Reddit is the 1st page of the internet what are the other pages?"
"askreddit"	"What would it be like to be Darth Vader for a day?"
"the_donald"	"Trump Calling Out CNN As Fake News in 1990. Drops the Mic"
"funny"	"bf made my bed this morning"
"the_donald"	"Uh oh, trouble is socialist paradise. 👌🏻"
"askreddit"	"What person had the biggest impact on your life?"
"askreddit"	"If your roommate wrote a \"How To\" book, what would be the title?"
"funny"	"Creepy old dude staring down my friends shirt. 🚨CAUGHT RED HANDED🚨"
"the_donald"	"Trump Ushers In A New Era Of Meme For The World!"
"the_donald"	"Macron wants our climate change scientists! That is actually a great idea."
"the_donald"	"California may end ban on communists in government jobs. I thought California was already a communist stronghold?"
"the_donald"	"Emmanuel Macron in his first musical (1984, colorized/b&amp;w)"
"askreddit"	"What are you doing right now?"
"askreddit"	"What was the last question you almost asked?"
"askreddit"	"What is a movie everyone seems to hate but you thought was it good?"
"the_donald"	"3490 News stories built on propaganda and lies. Clinton lies. Obama lies. The truth 3 corrupt agencies tasked with political subterfuge faked a series of reports to cover a painful political ass whuppin and the murder of Seth Rich. Rip Seth."
"the_donald"	"Dear Reddit"
"the_donald"	"Is this Haram? Or halaal?"
"askreddit"	"Pet owners of Reddit, how did you get over the death of an animal?"
"askreddit"	"What's your best justice story?"
"the_donald"	"I am alive and ready to rumble!"
"pics"	"That's just how the Frog Dog sleeps"
"the_donald"	"Uh oh, trouble in socialist paradise. 👌🏻"
"pics"	"Just feeling some bees"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's one piece of advice you would give to a second semester senior in high school?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most offensive question someone has ever asked you?"
"pics"	"CVS should really find a better alternative to giving coupons."
"askreddit"	"Fast food workers of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing someone has ever asked for?"
"askreddit"	"What NSFW activity had you always wanted to try that your significant other was surprisingly open to doing, and how did you bring it up?"
"askreddit"	"Fast food workers of Reddit, what are some of the weirdest things you've seen at the drive thru?"
"funny"	"Rule #32-Enjoy the little things"
"gaming"	"Country border control simulator."
"gaming"	"Looking for a good RPG to sink some hours into, any suggestions"
"gaming"	"Dragon Bro, you silly bastard!"
"the_donald"	"Pepe emerging from the darkness to lead the final charge against the SJW's"
"askreddit"	"What view of yours are you sure will be viewed as ignorance/intolerance 50 years from now?"
"the_donald"	"This fact check aged well... Glad they are keeping Facebook clear of fake news!"
"the_donald"	"Twitter Is Suspending Pro Trump and Le Pen Supporters"
"askreddit"	"What something weird you do, that you love doing?"
"the_donald"	"France: WTF do these attacks keep happening?"
"askreddit"	"What is the purpose of life according to you?"
"the_donald"	"HHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA THE ABSOLUTE MADMAN UPDATED HIS TWITTER COVER PICTURE"
"the_donald"	"Hey France"
"askreddit"	"What is that one scenario that you think that your the only one who experienced it?"
"askreddit"	"Women of Reddit, when did you first notice that men were looking at you in a sexual way? How old were you and how did it make you feel?"
"the_donald"	"The first time Donald J. Trump wanted to be President."
"pics"	"Oh don't mind me. I'm just some hiss grass."
"askreddit"	"What's the most nsfw thing you've caught coworkers/ been caught doing at work?"
"worldnews"	"Hong Kong bookseller abducted by China vows to reopen shop in Taiwan"
"the_donald"	"WEW"
"askreddit"	"What show did you putt off forever watching, only to completely fall in love once you started watching?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you hate Donald Trump?"
"programming"	"This software company got a $2.5 million 'grand mansion' in Hawaii for all its employees to use for free"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion of the enablers of a over 600lb person who is housebound?"
"askreddit"	"Elementary and middle school teachers of Reddit, what is the most ridiculous answer a child has given to an obviously simple question?"
"askreddit"	"What life advice would you give to yourself if you could travel back in time?"
"askreddit"	"What fad irritates/has irritated you the most?"
"worldnews"	"Global Facebook crash affects NZ"
"the_donald"	"With all of this racist stuff at the top of my screen, I just don't know if I can post here anymore"
"pics"	"First time at Devils tower. The animals are fairly ironic."
"askreddit"	"What is something that is considered normal where you live, but would make outsiders cringe?"
"askreddit"	"What is a joke you said or did that you thought was funny but made your SO extremely mad instead?"
"askreddit"	"What do you daydream about when you're bored at work?"
"askreddit"	"What game has the sexiest guns?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit! How do you define success?"
"askreddit"	"A genie grants you one wish, but instead of being able to choose, you're granted the wish from the last time you said \"I wish _____.\" What wish does the genie fulfill?"
"askreddit"	"What famous singer seems to be a basically legit human being, and who has proven to be a certified douche nugget?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you Happy?"
"askreddit"	"Students of Reddit, what sort of music do you listen to while studying?"
"askreddit"	"What is that one post on Reddit that you think everyone absolutely must check out?"
"askreddit"	"Where is the weirdest place you have had sex?"
"the_donald"	"Democrat Congressman Gerry Connolly and State Dept. Reps Meet American Muslims for Palestine Group"
"the_donald"	"Is the left really pushing for re-segregation? So no one can have their own cultural identity, but white people culturally appropriate others cultures, and white people are scared of black people but SJW want white and blacks to be separated...I'm literally shaking from confusion"
"the_donald"	"How do the French really think they won after voting him in?"
"pics"	"The face of regret"
"askreddit"	"Why is the w-h-i-t-e male population of reddit so easily butthurt?"
"gaming"	"Captain phasma build on Inwin 805 😊👌"
"the_donald"	"\"What are they saying? If we hadn't been caught lying we'd be running the country right now.\" This guy is based 🔥🔥🔥"
"the_donald"	"Don't let them Win!"
"the_donald"	"Random Order U.S. Citizenship Questions (Check the based youtube comments!)"
"the_donald"	"\"What the HELL is THAT!\" Tucker Slams Liberal for Playing Race Card on Obamacare"
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump changes his Twitter header!!! The Madman! The Russia collusion fake news narrative is officially OVER. DONE."
"pics"	"Picture of my cat from a few summers ago"
"the_donald"	"Libtard friend thinks the U.S. became an Oligarchy all of a sudden? #FakeNews"
"funny"	"A sign at a park"
"funny"	"If you laugh you're going straight to hell"
"pics"	"So I took another picture of the moon. There was some light cloud cover and it gives a pretty neat effect."
"askreddit"	"Women how do you feel that evolution made you like men with high testosterone since it makes men aggressive and risk taking?"
"askreddit"	"Besides u/Pwatapos, who is the shittiest Redditor?"
"gaming"	"Got this awesome genuine leather wallet this past weekend"
"askreddit"	"Humans of Reddit, what is your favourite article of clothing?"
"askreddit"	"What knockoff brand became the top brand?"
"askreddit"	"How did fidget spinner got so popular all of a sudden?"
"funny"	"Been having trouble with my internet connection, so I went outside to check the access box. Apparently there's an arrow telling me their customer access options. Well, screw you too"
"askreddit"	"What was the biggest laugh you got at school for?"
"askreddit"	"If you could understand another language, instantly, which would you learn first?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you text and drive regardless if you know it is legal or illegal?"
"askreddit"	"What's the creepiest thing that happened to you while driving at night?"
"askreddit"	"In your marriage, what are your rules of privacy and what is your level of transparency?"
"the_donald"	"Violence works apparently."
"the_donald"	"What will happen? (Honest question)"
"askreddit"	"It's that time of year! What memory sticks out from your graduation?"
"funny"	"I'LL VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!"
"the_donald"	"LMAO!!!!! We're doing something right, KEK!"
"the_donald"	"Brave Kekistani Pilot Who Bombed the Normies with the rarest PEPEs. He never returned home. Fight for his sacrifice!"
"askreddit"	"What would it take for an American to move to France today? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"Does gaia.com consist of nothing but false information? What is the purpose of the website?"
"askreddit"	"If you could erase anybody from existence, good or evil, who would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What does anxiety feel like to you?"
"funny"	"Dream jobs"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who live in tiny cities (population less than 5,000), how is life at such places? What kind of work you do and how is access to services?"
"gaming"	"Now you are thinking with portals."
"the_donald"	"Weve won before and well do it again if we have to!"
"pics"	"My father goofing around in the South African Airforce, late 70s."
"the_donald"	"The way leftists have been behaving since November is literally how actual fascism always begins -- with a group or psychos calling everyone else fascists and ironically trying to censor everyone and make certain words illegal."
"askreddit"	"What obscure person in history is your favorite?"
"askreddit"	"non americans of reddit what do you think the US should change to make the world a better place?"
"funny"	"Facebook garage sale group gold"
"funny"	"Beware of the cheese"
"funny"	"If \"Scarface\" had taken place in New Orleans ..."
"funny"	"Australian cycling safety ad"
"askreddit"	"Why is it normal for kids/adults to use a pillow but not infants?"
"the_donald"	"The Great Parade of PEPE to Celebrate His Resurrection!"
"askreddit"	"Why do you people love thunderstorms?"
"the_donald"	"I'm genuinely curious..."
"askreddit"	"What is something that society is becoming ok with that you strongly disagree on?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest bullshit crowdfunding project out there?"
"askreddit"	"If you received a slice of toast from the post office, what would your reaction be?"
"askreddit"	"What do you choose to fill the void in your chest?"
"askreddit"	"What song gets you hyped?"
"askreddit"	"If someone signs up for intramural soccer but has no experience and is un-athletic how screwed are they and what should they know ?"
"askreddit"	"How do you guys deal with family members who have completely opposite political views?"
"askreddit"	"What do you keep in your safe?"
"worldnews"	"'Wish They Didn't Let You In The Country', Woman Tells Muslim Shopper In US"
"the_donald"	"BOSTON: Liberal Judge Lisa Grant frees armed robber, turned violent murderer."
"the_donald"	"Fake news alert!!! Ted Cruz actually destroyed Sally Gaytes, why does Twitter push fake news??? They're already dying"
"askreddit"	"What is something that gives you very euphoric, intensely satisfied feelings but is not sexual or drug induced?"
"the_donald"	"When barber shops assume gender"
"the_donald"	"Barry getting involved in foreign elections again?"
"askreddit"	"What are you putting off right now?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, if someone made a movie of your life, who would you want to play you and why?"
"gaming"	"Hotel PokemonGo...NSFW"
"askreddit"	"What is the best band name you can think of that isn't already taken?"
"askreddit"	"What threads or subs does someone need to see to understand Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"What song/album do you use to introduce someone to your favorite music artist?"
"worldnews"	"Everything you need to know about France's new president"
"the_donald"	"Inside Shattered: Chapter 17"
"the_donald"	"Jake Tapper's son calls him fake news when he annoys him"
"askreddit"	"Damn. Aww. Why are you so cute?"
"askreddit"	"Apart from musician, what's a job in music often overlooked and is actually a pretty good job?"
"askreddit"	"How punny are you?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most unexpected situation you've walked into?"
"askreddit"	"What's painfully obvious but people still fail to realize it?"
"gaming"	"Is anybody else getting Telltale Games fatigue?"
"the_donald"	"In a nutshell"
"askreddit"	"Which tv show character had the best goodbye?"
"pics"	"This peanut butter isn't as smooth as it thinks"
"the_donald"	"What have we here?"
"askreddit"	"I live in Wisconsin. Is it illegal for me to invest in the marijuana industry as a resident of a state where marijuana is still illegal?"
"askreddit"	"Who's the official a-hole of Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"Top Kek the madman updates his Twitter cover pic 😆👍👍👍👍👍"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite kid-friendly version of a swear word?"
"gaming"	"Wheatley puppet with voice"
"gaming"	"First attempt at drawing Megaman. Think I'll do my own version of him soon. It was kinda fun."
"the_donald"	"\"The Liberator\" - Based Stickman VS Antifa (GTA V)"
"the_donald"	"Gov't Working Hard To Dismiss Veterans' Sex Abuse Lawsuits Against VA Worker. Govt uses tax $$ to send army of lawyers against victims."
"askreddit"	"You can make 1 wish per day for the rest of your life. There's a catch: changing the wish rules is off-limits, and your wishes can only affect something - increase or decrease - by 1% each time. What do you do with this power?"
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit: What have you said or done that disappointed your children to the point that you adjusted future behavior?"
"pics"	"It hailed in Denver today"
"askreddit"	"What’s something that doesn’t involve marriage or babies that you want to shamelessly brag about?"
"askreddit"	"What podcasts do you listen to? And why do you listen to them?"
"askreddit"	"Dear Reddit, what was the moment you knew you had found your best friend?"
"gaming"	"I finally did it! (Guitar Hero 3)"
"the_donald"	"\"Obama's Formative Years EXPOSED\" Tucker Interviews Author of Controversial New Obama Biography"
"askreddit"	"Women who have had kidney stones, and given birth naturally - which was worse?"
"the_donald"	"Calling all PATRIOTS: Let's find out the truth around Andrew Breitbart's death &amp; his coroner (Michael Cormier) killed by arsenic. The evidence is there."
"askreddit"	"What's a one-in-a-lifetime event or opportunity that changed your life?"
"askreddit"	"Watching what video gives you the most satisfaction?"
"askreddit"	"How big of an animal can you kill by dropping your monthly salary on it from a helicopter?"
"the_donald"	"r/OhSnapYouGotServed r/Grakmarr r/Treteste r/IFIFIFOKIEDOKE r/Trumpirium r/shadowman3001 JesusWoreNikeSlides r/DatabaseCentral r/JohnOliversWifesBF r/TwelveTendies"
"askreddit"	"What movie did you enjoy that everyone else hated?"
"worldnews"	"Verdict expected in blasphemy case against Jakarta's Christian governor"
"the_donald"	"Investigation: More veterans died waiting for VA care. OIG found VA employees ignored scheduling procedures"
"the_donald"	"i geeked at this"
"the_donald"	"MFW It's 9 hours later and the midday MAGAthread is still up."
"the_donald"	"The teenage brother of Safia S., imprisoned for stabbing a police officer on behalf of \"Islamic State,\" has gone on trial himself in Hanover. Saleh S. is accused of trying to kill non-Muslims in an alleged arson attack."
"the_donald"	"Anyone tired of the \"Based (enter minority group here)\" thing? We're all individuals here. Collectivist ideology should be avoided whenever possible."
"the_donald"	"I've been told that when a tragedy happens on the world stage, you overlay the impacted country's flag on your social media avatar. Done!"
"askreddit"	"Where do you mount your GPS? What is the best location?"
"the_donald"	"BUILD.... THE... WALL... WTF ??"
"askreddit"	"Have any y'all became depressed after finding out the ex got engaged?"
"funny"	"Just stumbled across this let's make this guy famous for all the wrong reasons lol"
"the_donald"	"Nicki Minaj Says She’ll Pay Off Fans’ College Tuition If They Have Good grades . And Here’s How People Reacted"
"askreddit"	"You must now sing the last song you listened to out loud. How screwed are you?"
"askreddit"	"Why did you have a public freak out?"
"funny"	"Crap"
"the_donald"	"RIP FRANCE 🇫🇷 😞 - Migrants Celebrate Results Of French Election"
"the_donald"	"San Francisco Chronicle Admits: Some Anti-Trump Protesters are Paid"
"worldnews"	"Venezuela indigenous group flees crisis for Brazil - BBC News"
"askreddit"	"If your Wi-Fi could talk what would it say?"
"worldnews"	"Hundreds of migrants feared dead in Mediterranean over weekend - survivors | Top News"
"funny"	"School project"
"pics"	"Kayaking on Lake Maumelle, Arkansas. [OC]"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest lie you've ever told ?"
"askreddit"	"For those who have had romantic/sexual relations with a teacher/professor (during or after you were their student), what's your story? How did it turn out?"
"the_donald"	"Based (REAL) Indian Patriot is challenging Fauxcahontas for her seat. Let's show this man some support!!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What horror movie would you recommend to watch on Netflix?"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite XKCDs?"
"askreddit"	"Garbage men and woman of reddit who operate the trucks with lifts. How do you prefer the bins be organized/placed? Why?"
"askreddit"	"Men that aren't aggressive and risk taking, how do you feel that you are not desired by women because your testosterone is too low?"
"the_donald"	"Something strange is going on. They're changing tactics and I don't know what to make of it. I'm scared!"
"the_donald"	"DARIN... THE... SWAMP!!"
"gaming"	"Is Morrowind the best all around RPG ever?"
"worldnews"	"Hundreds of migrants feared dead in Mediterranean over weekend - survivors"
"askreddit"	"What is the most triumphant song you've ever heard?"
"askreddit"	"Why are you sad?"
"askreddit"	"Former Drug Dealers of Reddit, what's a story you have that needs to be shared? (Serious)"
"gaming"	"Watch dogs 2, how to get in to the stadium."
"the_donald"	"Please be aware of the newest white supremacist extreme far right wing racist neo-nazi symbols being used by fascists."
"the_donald"	"DRAIN... THE... SWAMP!!"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates KNEW The Travel Ban Was Legal and Fought It Anyway"
"askreddit"	"What helps you ignore constant boredom keep your ADD in check?"
"pics"	"I love the city😍"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the first Reddit post you remember?"
"worldnews"	"The International Criminal Court prosecutor expressed alarm on Monday at the inhumane detention of thousands of vulnerable migrants in Libya and said she was examining whether an investigation could be opened into crimes against them"
"askreddit"	"What are you pretty good at?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you keep \"that\" Facebook friend?"
"askreddit"	"Standardized test takers of Reddit, what is the stupidest/funniest answers you have seen while grading the tests?"
"askreddit"	"Which came first, the chicken or the egg?"
"askreddit"	"What is a good podcast non-sports or news related that comes out 2-3 times a week?"
"the_donald"	"NO JOKE: Sacramento public housing residents just got free Zipcars with no charge for maintenance, insurance, or juicing up the battery!"
"askreddit"	"What's the creepiest thing that's happened to you while driving late at night?"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing you have seen or experienced at school?"
"the_donald"	"Hannity bringing some actual news about the hearings today."
"the_donald"	"Russian US Tensions Rise in the Baltic.Why are we hearing nothing about this?"
"askreddit"	"(NSFW) Why do some people like to call or be called \"Daddy\" in the bedroom?"
"askreddit"	"non americans of reddit what policies/laws of your country should the US implement?"
"funny"	"Real picture I took yesterday. Never thought I would see this irl."
"pics"	"Hail in Colorado"
"the_donald"	"\"Trump voters will let Donald shit in their mouths if it meant the liberal next to them had to smell it\""
"funny"	"YouTube comments at their best."
"the_donald"	"Our Hero"
"askreddit"	"What makes you feel like a kid again?"
"the_donald"	"drawing muhammad live on stream"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS TERROR ATTACK AT PARIS TRAIN STATION"
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] If hell was an infinite loop of the most emotionally painful event you ever experienced, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What are some cool, crazy, or strange things to see on Google Earth or Google Maps?"
"askreddit"	"What's one thing you've tried a million times but still can't do?"
"askreddit"	"What is one thing that you did that haunts you or regret almost everyday?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best major-combos for a couple? Like, what career-combos do you think generally work best in a relationship?"
"the_donald"	"This (REAL) Indian is a Based Patriot! He is challenging Fauxcahontas Elizabeth Warren for her Seat. Show this man some love!!!"
"pics"	"Walmart pb is great for you"
"the_donald"	"Get rid of him Donald !!! - North Korea's mystery islands: Man-made keys could be new nuclear launch sites"
"the_donald"	"In civil suits, parties can be sued for damages to the plaintiff. If there is justice, Obama should be sued for issuing policies that intentionally created an additional 10 Trillion dollars to our deficit. That solves half of our debt problem."
"the_donald"	"Not Over Yet - En Marche - Macron's political movement is fragile. So far it doesn't have one seat in the French parliament. That will certainly change on June 18, when the French again head to the voting booths to elect the National Assembly."
"askreddit"	"What did you do as a kid that is as stupid as kids doing dabs (dance move) now?"
"the_donald"	"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *Deep breath* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"askreddit"	"What's an insult that was said to you that left you more confused than offended?"
"askreddit"	"What are some terms or phrases that would make no sense 25 years ago?"
"gaming"	"Have you ever just been so disappointed in your chicken..."
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest thing that \"a friend of yours\" still can't believe they got away with?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest anagram of your name?"
"pics"	"Saw this on my Jack Link's bag today"
"askreddit"	"Couples of Reddit where one partner wanted children and the other did not, how did you solve it? Were you able to stay together?"
"askreddit"	"What will the marijuana industry look like when the Trump presidency is over?"
"the_donald"	"Is it just me or did Lyin Ted gain weight?"
"the_donald"	"68 Year Old Woman Slammed to the Ground &amp; Violently thrown in a pool. Filmed by partygoers who were laughing at the attack. Police still searching for suspects. No help from 'local community leaders'"
"the_donald"	"Even in the 80s they knew it was coming..."
"askreddit"	"Pathologists and applicable assistants, what was your first autopsy like?"
"askreddit"	"What insignificant confession can you make right now?"
"the_donald"	"It's over Pedes. Time to pack it up. Dog name database finally proves Bernie would've won."
"the_donald"	"Clapper admits to PERSONALLY unmasking at least one associate of President Trump at today's hearing...And boy did he not want to admit it..."
"askreddit"	"Stephen Hawking now says that we may have 100 years left, as a species, on Earth. If true, how does this news change your life?"
"the_donald"	"Hands down."
"askreddit"	"Driving in a car, stuck in a traffic jam. Feeling worked up because in a rush. What song to recommend?"
"the_donald"	"Phoenix serial killing suspect arrested in deaths of 9. We need to get a grip on public safety in this country."
"askreddit"	"Standardized test graders, what are the funniest answers you have seen while grading the standardized test?"
"worldnews"	"Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte keeps 'excellent' trust rating in survey"
"the_donald"	"Liberal Universities are showing us what the entire country would look like if Hillary had won."
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you've searched on PornHub?"
"askreddit"	"What's something about your profession that people should know?"
"the_donald"	"Dear France, why did we bother? This was only 73 years ago, Briggitte Macron was 10."
"askreddit"	"What's the holy grail in your hobby?"
"askreddit"	"When I say James Bond what James Bond actor comes to your mind first?"
"the_donald"	"How to Destroy America."
"the_donald"	"War with France ."
"the_donald"	"Alarming new facts prove NSA Surveillance escalated exponentially leading up to the 2016 election! And today, even senate cuckservitives are becoming outraged."
"the_donald"	"TWO GENDERS!!! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
"askreddit"	"Alcoholics or ex-alcoholics, how much do (or did) you use to drink, and why?"
"funny"	"There's only room for one on this raft."
"the_donald"	"Shadow Projection"
"askreddit"	"What is a movie you enjoy that most people consider bad?"
"gaming"	"Can I connect a Ps2 to my T.V?"
"askreddit"	"What would it take for an American to move to France today? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What's the most ridiculous name for anything you've ever heard?"
"askreddit"	"What act is the ultimate test of friendship?"
"funny"	"2017 SR picture 🤣"
"the_donald"	"LET'S SHOW OUR BASED CONWAY SOME LOVE FOLKS!"
"the_donald"	"Guys...it's over. Pack it in. America will never be again."
"the_donald"	"Breaking911 on Twitter: PERP WALK: Handcuffed 16-Year-Old Walks Into Jail After Surrendering In Florida Pool Party Attack"
"the_donald"	"Are my up-votes, really counting as down-votes?"
"the_donald"	"Facebook Deletes Thousands Of Accounts Ahead Of UK Election"
"pics"	"Police officers on the scene of the hydrovault explosion in Toronto"
"askreddit"	"How does one utilize their White Male Privilege as a force for good rather than evil?"
"gaming"	"yo son they cant stop me yo"
"pics"	"Park your car under the tree at your new house, they said...it'll be nice, they said..."
"pics"	"ARC Gloria in Vancouver, Canada"
"askreddit"	"If you could be the official tweeter for a non-POTUS celeb, who would you pick and what would you tweet about?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you always wanted to tell someone but never got the chance to?"
"askreddit"	"Ex-redditors of reddit how did you manage to quit?"
"the_donald"	"**BREAKING NEWS** French searching for 3 highly dangerous Earthlings."
"the_donald"	"Sanctuary Bills in Maryland Faced a Surprise Foe: Legal Immigrants"
"the_donald"	"HELP ME - Looking to Create A Community Series (Normies Not Allowed) - Read the Description"
"askreddit"	"What is your earliest memory of using the internet?"
"funny"	"THEN/NOW: Use it to read emails. So expensive. Im simple. Crapple"
"funny"	"In the future......"
"the_donald"	"Gas is $1.97 where I live. Holy shit."
"the_donald"	"Trump hating Seattle mayor, how many constituents hate you, NOT RUNNING again"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the worst trap that you have fallen for?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most entertaining scientific inaccuracy in film or television?"
"gaming"	"Clueless on computer lingo...Is the ASUS FX502VM-AS73 any good?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the hardest lesson you've ever had to learn?"
"the_donald"	"Immigrant cuts Boston doctors throat in robbery"
"the_donald"	"Kind of odd how no racism or anti-semitism is allowed here, but it's open season on Muslims, huh?"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates Won't Say If Trump Was Wiretapped - We know that if he wasn't, she would say so."
"the_donald"	"Malik's brother might've spied on Bernie. Let that sink in r/all"
"funny"	"Good job Bob?"
"gaming"	"Smash Tournaments In A Nutshell"
"the_donald"	"BURN"
"the_donald"	"Macron is the goal of the globalist paedophile rings. Gather puppets and manipulate &amp; drug them into adulthood to do their bidding."
"askreddit"	"Redditors who dropped out in your final year of uni, why and how did you deal with the aftermath?"
"the_donald"	"ICE Announces Crackdown on Congressional Interference with Deportations"
"the_donald"	"THIS is why the BAN is NECESSARY! #MAGA"
"the_donald"	"HE'S BACK....Pepe #0 only appears ONCE after his creator kills him off. 👌"
"the_donald"	"Was Seth Rich discussed today during the hearing?"
"the_donald"	"Alarming new facts prove NSA unmasking activity increased rsxponentially during the 2016 election! And today, even cuckservitive senators were beginning show outrage."
"the_donald"	"Macron won despite the supposed Russian Hackers and running against a woman. Hillary lost despite having MSM and Obama surveillance working to rig the election for her. What kind of a genius loses a rigged election?"
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts on horror movie dates in high school?"
"the_donald"	"OIG Report: More Than 100 Veterans Died While Waiting for Care, often due to VA govt workers failing to follow proper procedure."
"pics"	"Can't complain about this view at work"
"askreddit"	"Who is your favorite LOL champion?"
"funny"	"Everytime my gf saw groot (OC)"
"funny"	"Taking revenge to a new level"
"askreddit"	"How can people make a difference in government?"
"askreddit"	"Where would you like to visit ? Why ?"
"askreddit"	"What has made you go \"you can't this s*** up\"?"
"the_donald"	"r/redacted is actually directly linking to Sharia Blue"
"askreddit"	"What's a scene you hate in a movie you love? What's a scene you love in a movie you hate?"
"askreddit"	"who else is hatching baby pokemon like togepi form a 5 k egg me have a confirmed hatch as of 5/6/2017 2 k egg also also got a gyradose lvl 3011 3008 and 3004 ?"
"funny"	"This children's \"learn-to-read book\" got dark real fast"
"the_donald"	"Alarming new facts prove NSA unmasking activity increased exponentially during the 2016 election! And today even cuckservitive senators were beginning show some outrage."
"pics"	"Follow the white rabbit."
"pics"	"Cactus through a cactus"
"askreddit"	"When did you know that your choice of career was the one that you would enjoy doing for the rest of your life?"
"askreddit"	"The last doctor you saw on TV/a movie is now your primary physician, how screwed are you?"
"pics"	"An artichoke in my farm is a perfect mandala."
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite episode of your favorite TV show and why?"
"funny"	"When the weather REALLY hates you"
"funny"	"Man.....bun?"
"the_donald"	"Newsweek Writer calls for Death and Illness on Relatives of Republican Lawmakers"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest rookie mistake/moment?"
"the_donald"	"Based Julian Assange! 🇺🇸😂🇺🇸"
"the_donald"	"RED ALERT: California may end ban on communists in government jobs"
"pics"	"This picture of my car looks like it's screenshot from GTA5 (no I don't drive around like this)"
"askreddit"	"What is your best drinking story?"
"the_donald"	"Do You Know A Brainwashed Liberal? Are You Perhaps Even Related To One?? Then Pick Some Of These Up For Them TODAY!!! FDA-APPROVED, FULLY COVERED BY THE AHCA, AND NOW OFFERED OVER-THE-COUNTER DUE TO RECORD HIGH DEMAND!!! COMES IN BOTH ORAL AND SUPPOSITORY FORM!!! ALREADY PROVEN TO SAVE LIVES!!!"
"the_donald"	"You have the right to remain silent.... anything you say may be used against you."
"the_donald"	"MFW they say pepe is dead but he is growing stronger every day."
"pics"	"Just another day in the office in Venezuela"
"askreddit"	"What is something you hate but do often?"
"the_donald"	"Liberals hypocrisy never ceases to amaze"
"the_donald"	"Hillary, which jail cell do you prefer?..."
"the_donald"	"\"allo, deep state?\" \"calling?\" \"FUTURE MAGA\""
"funny"	"\"I have zero friends...\" actually..."
"the_donald"	"Ageing Barbara Streisand gives shout out to has-been Hillary at Brooklyn concert."
"gaming"	"COD Zombies Trailer"
"gaming"	"[Prey] Dammit, Steam."
"the_donald"	"Hannity is pissed and going after scalps!"
"pics"	"The new strategy from protesters against the National Guard in Venezuela: Excrement Bombs or as they are as they are being called here \"Puputovs\""
"askreddit"	"Redditors over 30 years old; what huge pop culture phenomenon did you never think would catch on at first?"
"askreddit"	"What was something that influenced your life significantly?"
"gaming"	"What are the best gaming laptops (not including Alienware)?"
"pics"	"Cuban Spaniard mill from the 1700s"
"funny"	"You VS. The guy she tells you not to worry about"
"askreddit"	"What horror movie on Netflix would you recommend to someone?"
"askreddit"	"What landmark do you want to see but don't want to go to where it is?"
"askreddit"	"What would be your best fart recipe?"
"the_donald"	"Maxine Waters surprised the DNC by stating loud on live tv to welfare recipients to 'get up off of that thang'"
"askreddit"	"What is the best thing that has happened to you today?"
"pics"	"A Christopher Columbus statue in Puerto Rico i saw on my trip last summer."
"askreddit"	"What is one thing you wish you brought on your last road trip?"
"askreddit"	"What was your favorite computer game that was available on a Floppy disc?"
"gaming"	"Buddy's Insane PUBG Shot [4 Seconds]"
"the_donald"	"Just stumbled across this and thought you patriots want to listen to a tune."
"the_donald"	"Prosecutors: Corrine Brown Used Fraud Charity to Rob Children in Need. More than $800,000 was deposited into the foundation, but only $1,200 went to charity."
"askreddit"	"What food or dish do you love that many/most people have declared gross?"
"askreddit"	"What have you been banned from and why?"
"the_donald"	"Those libs are anti- first amendment, anti-America. What they don't realize is that they are giving us more power!"
"pics"	"[OC]Blue water sailing"
"askreddit"	"What exactly is the reason so many liberal groups are against Chick-fil-A?"
"askreddit"	"If you became President of Reddit , what would you do in your first 100 minutes?"
"the_donald"	"Obama: 'We spy on Americans while we are not at war with Islam.' The Deceiver cannot fool all people all the time."
"the_donald"	"WHATEVER! Bill de Blasio tells Greg Abbott why he just made Texas less safe"
"the_donald"	"Old video surfaces ... Trump has been slapping the soul out of CNN for 26 years."
"the_donald"	"How to destroy America."
"askreddit"	"What's the brokest you guys have been?"
"the_donald"	"Tillerson Defines 'America First'"
"the_donald"	"4chan hits the bullseye again"
"askreddit"	"What would a Canadian restaurant serve?"
"the_donald"	"How to Destroy America."
"the_donald"	"Arizona State University embraces segregation. Blacks only graduation ceremony."
"the_donald"	"I think we all know the answer here, but who would win?"
"pics"	"Weight Loss Transformation. Over 30 pounds lost!"
"askreddit"	"What is the \"crazy-cat-lady\" equivalent in other countries?"
"the_donald"	"Rip? I think not"
"askreddit"	"What albums released in the last ten years will be remembered as a timeless classic?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most important thing to know entering college?"
"askreddit"	"How can you make a diverse gene pool starting with one set of parents?"
"funny"	"On my commute home today! Awesome"
"funny"	"Once upon a time..."
"the_donald"	"TIME TO TRIGGER LEFTISTS WITH A NEW EO"
"the_donald"	"I'm not surprised that the left wants to try to change the definition of fascism. They already changed the definition of marriage."
"pics"	"Habana Cuba"
"askreddit"	"Reddit.. what do you think about the current Michael Flynn situation?"
"the_donald"	"TFW you think Pepe died but he just ate a Senzu bean."
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump is Christ incarnate"
"askreddit"	"Why do you believe some people cannot stop posting about their relationship on social media?"
"funny"	"Shocking video exposes the true colors of the Black Power Ranger"
"pics"	"Cyprus Sea Caves"
"askreddit"	"What is your go-to movie to watch when you're home sick?"
"the_donald"	"4 times in the last week Democrats pushed a story about Trump/Republicans that turned out not to be true"
"askreddit"	"What is the most ridiculous thing your boss made you do?"
"askreddit"	"If you never had to sleep how would you spend your nights?"
"the_donald"	"Would you rather have a gay son or a daughter that marries a black guy?"
"the_donald"	"Bernie Supporters 2016: THE MEDIA IS SO UNFAIR TO BERNIE. THEY LIE AND LIE AND LIE. Bernie Supporters 2017: I LOVE THE MEDIA, DOWN WITH DRUMPF!!!"
"askreddit"	"what tv show needs a movie?"
"askreddit"	"Besides smoking some reefer, what are some good ways to get in like that hazy/good vibey mood?"
"gaming"	"Need help building a PC for specifically for Streaming"
"the_donald"	"Anyone else remember when transformers were robots. . . ."
"the_donald"	"TRUMP's \"MAGA\""
"askreddit"	"[NSFW]What is something sexual that your partner does that you just can't stand, but don't know how to tell them?"
"the_donald"	"Our God Emperor working to raise awareness against Big Pharma!"
"askreddit"	"Why are you happy right now?"
"pics"	"Our fish put his food into a heart! I sprinkled his food in a little while ago and came back to find this :)"
"funny"	"Khaz and Effect Trailer (HD)"
"funny"	"When you are so rich it might kill you."
"the_donald"	"Let's Talk 2018 Candidates."
"the_donald"	"4chan solves the Islam puzzle"
"the_donald"	"We are media now!"
"askreddit"	"What's something you enjoy a lot, but other people absolutely hate?"
"funny"	"Reddit in app browser asks me to use Reddit app"
"gaming"	"So much delight in such a tiny package."
"the_donald"	"As a moderate who leans very slightly to the right, what are the main changes to the health care bill should it be passed?? First post here go easy haha"
"the_donald"	"PEPE inception!"
"pics"	"Dare to save .056%"
"askreddit"	"What is the stupidest and most unrealistic movie out there?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most NSFW thing you've seen while camping?"
"askreddit"	"Other than family, What or who has had the biggest impact on your life?"
"the_donald"	"Just a friendly reminder that Jill Stein ate at a table with Vladimir Putin and NO REFUNDS!"
"the_donald"	"More Science in one meme than Bill Nye the 'butt stuff' guy"
"askreddit"	"What was the first video game you ever played?"
"funny"	"A"
"the_donald"	"IG Report: 100 veterans Died While Waiting for Care at VA, many due to VA workers failing to follow procedures. CVA says \"VA negligence can be a matter of life or death\""
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite anti-reddit subreddit?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most unusual interview you've been in?"
"funny"	"Damn cookie elf"
"askreddit"	"Why is your computer a mangled wreck at your feet?"
"askreddit"	"Is it inappropriate to ask an ex-con why they went into the \"slammer\"?"
"gaming"	"Any zombie games on the PS4? Either currently out or to be released?"
"askreddit"	"What has made you go \"you can't make this s*** up\"?"
"askreddit"	"What's something in life that you think is totally underrated?"
"the_donald"	"Sign of the Cross - Skafish Live at Nice"
"the_donald"	"Friendly Reminder: Brian Podesta is a senior analyst at National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Skippy's spawn? More Proof in Comments."
"the_donald"	"Comey: Law Enforcement Needs to Do Better Job Understanding the 'Journey of Black America'"
"pics"	"Manito Park Gardens, Spokane, WA"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors, who have had a stalker in the past, who was it, how did they go about stalking you and how did it end?"
"askreddit"	"What keeps you up past your bed time?"
"askreddit"	"What famous people that have passed don't know they're famous?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what things characterize your mental happy place?"
"gaming"	"Get Acquainted with the Rifleman"
"askreddit"	"What are some ultimate white girl songs?"
"funny"	"NBC was nice enough to share the Penguins WIFI info."
"funny"	"Appalachia, everyone."
"the_donald"	"OFFICIAL TOP KEK PEPE AUCTION! DO YOU DREAM OF OWNING PEPE?"
"the_donald"	"Arizona State University embraces segregation. Blacks only graduation ceremony."
"the_donald"	"Einstein White Supremacist confirmed..."
"askreddit"	"What technological development are you most looking forward to?"
"askreddit"	"Barbers of Reddit, what is it like when a client ask for something that you know will look horrible on them?"
"askreddit"	"What's your opinion on u/lol_at_your_comment?"
"the_donald"	"What does microns wife and his voters have in common? Their both older than him!!!!"
"the_donald"	"Tucker cornering racist anti-white Democrat Strategist"
"the_donald"	"Your daily reminder that there are still people pretending that Hillary won because they can't deal with reality"
"askreddit"	"What is some interesting history to your family?"
"askreddit"	"Whats important Family or Money?"
"askreddit"	"What is the female equivalent of a neckbeard?"
"askreddit"	"Why can't police just tell the suspect what they think they did instead of yelling at them to do what they're already doing?"
"the_donald"	"Seriously."
"askreddit"	"If you could travel anywhere within the visible universe, where would you go?"
"the_donald"	"Scott Adams \"Where’s My Immigration Prediction Model? If scientists can make climate prediction models that are reliable (or so they tell us), why can’t they do the same with immigration predictions?\""
"askreddit"	"What is your family's dankest secret?"
"funny"	"Should've Counted It Right."
"worldnews"	"Libya's neighbors, U.N. voice support for its new move for talks"
"askreddit"	"People who sleep less than 6 hours a night, how do you do it?"
"askreddit"	"Teachers of Reddit, what is something a student has said to you that legitimately made you angry?"
"worldnews"	"Theresa May pledges to keep Tory target of slashing net migration to under 100,000 a year"
"the_donald"	"proof that rejected will literally down vote ANYTHING"
"funny"	"Hello, my name is..."
"worldnews"	"France’s new president: a mender of trust in Europe"
"pics"	"Our fish made his food into a heart! I sprinkled some food in a little while ago and came back to find this :)"
"askreddit"	"If someone found themselves in a situation where their brakes stopped working while driving what should he/she do?"
"the_donald"	"The Democrats aren’t being honest about health care"
"pics"	"Those aren't clouds- sun behind smoke in North Florida."
"funny"	"These American Gods episode names are really getting out of hand"
"the_donald"	"&lt;- That feel when you uptrump."
"askreddit"	"assuming you don't IV, what direct harm of heroin does alcohol not share?"
"funny"	"Horseshoe crab aquarium enjoying swimming"
"gaming"	"Customized Nintendo Game Cube"
"the_donald"	"Tomorrow morning: \"10:00 am || Meets with National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster; White House Situation Room\"—I posted earlier today that this was his schedule for this morning as well; something seems to be up. Two days in a row w/ McMaster in the Situation Room..."
"the_donald"	"Phoenix serial street shootings: Aaron Saucedo facing charges in shootings - Already charged with one in 2015. No mention of immigration status so probably illegal"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is alive!"
"funny"	"Hide yo kids Hide yo wife"
"the_donald"	"This is Kurt Schumacher. He called the Communists \"red-painted Nazis.\" Reddit could learn from this man."
"pics"	"Cat Savior"
"pics"	"Frisbee girl!"
"the_donald"	"QUICK, POST THINGS THAT WILL DESTROY THE HORMONES OF THE WORTHLESS LIBERALS KKNDLY VISITING US FROM RESIST AND ENOUGHTRUMPSPAM"
"askreddit"	"What if the Christian God is actually a technologically powerful being that tortures people that don't do what he says?"
"funny"	"No rolling or cutting required... Just use a... Rolling cutter."
"gaming"	"So I got up to make a sandwich thinking I was protected inside of this ruin...I came back to find my character very much dead"
"the_donald"	"James Clapper Admits To Unmasking Trump Associates And Members Of Congress"
"funny"	"Thankyou"
"askreddit"	"What's the best kind of pickle you've ever had?"
"gaming"	"MLB the show 17 top 10 plays #1"
"the_donald"	"Make MRSA Research Great Again!"
"askreddit"	"What are some good questions to ask an 100 year-old granddad?"
"pics"	"Dad At College Graduation Realizing He Just Paid $100,000 For His Kid To Get a Piece of Paper"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, when has someone been too helpful to you?"
"askreddit"	"What album released in the last ten years will be remembered as a timeless classic?"
"askreddit"	"Gamers of Reddit: What game(s) do you forbid yourself from playing and why?"
"the_donald"	"McMaster’s Meltdown — Tells Staff he will not deal with “that high schooler” Hope Hicks, White House Director of Strategic Communications."
"the_donald"	"Fox News’ Shepard Smith opens up about his sexuality (Hey Shep: No One Cares!)"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest you have seen someone try to hide a boner or the weirdest way you have tried to hide one yourself?"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"drinking alcohol for the first time\" story?"
"the_donald"	"Why are we not talking about the Bill that has not passed by the White House in over a 100 days?"
"askreddit"	"Why does water and soap kill wasps?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] people who have talk to the dead how and what did they say?"
"worldnews"	"Alaska’s Permafrost is Filling The Air With CO2, Worsening Climate Change"
"the_donald"	"California Democrats want communists in government jobs"
"funny"	"Helping a brother out"
"gaming"	"What's up with Prey's (2017) Metacritic Scores?"
"the_donald"	"Good video about humility and Leftist censorship, the catch is that only a victim refuses to fight back."
"the_donald"	"endless fun hanging out here"
"askreddit"	"you're about to get into a fist fight; what non-weapon do you use to beat the opponent and how?"
"askreddit"	"What do you dread more than anything?"
"askreddit"	"Anonymous gilders of reddit, why don't you include your name when you gild someone?"
"askreddit"	"If the deer kingdom and the coyote kingdom were at war, how would it affect the social dynamics of animal society?"
"the_donald"	"REEEEE!!!! Let's Blame White People!!!! REEEEE!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite slang word/phrase used by either yourself or your people in your circles that you wish more people said?"
"the_donald"	"Mrs Yates, How can you possibly justify going against the law, as agreed by the Office of Legal Counsel??! You must have some serious anal blockage to be this dense! \"yes sir, I can answer in the affirmative; my ass is Obama's cock holster\""
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite food?"
"askreddit"	"Which Reddit mobile client do you use?"
"askreddit"	"If you found out you were going to die tomorrow night, and had no way to stop it, how would you spend your last day?"
"the_donald"	"Would you rather have a gay son or a daughter that marries a black guy?"
"askreddit"	"How can you make a diverse gene pool starting with one set of parents?"
"askreddit"	"What movie/video game did you buy out of pure curiosity, but ended up loving it?"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion on tables?"
"askreddit"	"What are some really cool spy gadgets available to the public that most people wouldn't know of?"
"askreddit"	"What are you really looking forward to this week? And why?"
"funny"	"One of my students"
"funny"	"Teacher's nightmare . . . why do my students do this to me? :("
"the_donald"	"Stop hold on wait wait wait"
"askreddit"	"How does one become less scared of milk?"
"funny"	"Arkansas Traffic Jam"
"askreddit"	"What's the most obvious example of product placement you've seen in movies or shows?"
"askreddit"	"What's your funniest story involving you and a police officer?"
"funny"	"My neighbor's classic car might secretly be The Hulk."
"gaming"	"The console war in a nutshell..."
"worldnews"	"Foreigners Are Now Banned To Draw Map Of China"
"the_donald"	"Ivanka Trump : Discovering new spots in D.C. #InfiniteKusama https://t.co/AUlg3DG99K"
"the_donald"	"Wee, that was fast! Gare du Nord EVACUATED as armed police storm France's busiest station"
"the_donald"	"Pepe Alive!!!"
"gaming"	"anyone played summer lessons?"
"gaming"	"My sqaud doesn't believe in me."
"the_donald"	"Reddit's Co-Founder just posted this, how fitting."
"the_donald"	"From; Dr. Peter Hammond’s book: Slavery, Terrorism &amp; Islam: Historical Roots and Contemporary Threat...Or \"How 'Peaceful' Muslims Remain as Their Numbers Increase in Western Nations\""
"the_donald"	"Is a Man Competing on a Woman’s Team a Sex Offender?"
"the_donald"	"Wipe out the AMA to fix healthcare: If tomorrow Google was allowed to make an app that could diagnose what was wrong with you and write a prescription then 90% of people would prefer it and seriois ailments be caught. But the AMA makes sure they can't to save doctor's income."
"the_donald"	"Pepe Slain by Creator - Frog God Rises More Powerful Than Before"
"pics"	"One of Cassini's views of Saturn's Rings from the NY Times"
"the_donald"	"Do You Know A Brainwashed Liberal? Then Here's An Offer You Can't Miss! For The Low Price Of #MAGA, You Can Get This NEW, FDA-APPROVED, AHCA-COVERED, OVER-THE-COUNTER-DUE-TO-HIGH-DEMAND Treatment For Them! COMES IN ORAL OR SUPPOSITORY FORM, BASED ON SEVERITY OF THE CASE!!! SAVE A LIFE AND ORDER NOW!"
"pics"	"My daughter spotted a carcass while walking in the woods"
"pics"	"Get that beer man"
"askreddit"	"Anyone know of a sub where you can say whatever you want without fear of biased mods?"
"askreddit"	"What is something people don't know about your job that you wished they did?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary just won't shut up"
"the_donald"	"Extremely early tbt. Who remembers when the democrats created these racist white supremacists and now blame us out of insecurity?👌👌👌👌"
"funny"	"Penguin Makes A Brave Escape Attempt"
"the_donald"	"So, Yates said she got some info that was already unmasked and \"[she] never unmasked\". Either a liar or multiple unmaskers (think Rice, Clapper, Brennan, Obama, Lynch, Holder, Lerner)."
"the_donald"	"Quick, we're being brigaded. Post things that will make leftist slime run for the hills."
"the_donald"	"😤America 😤First 😤😤👏😩"
"the_donald"	"SHOCK: California May End Ban on COMMIES In Government Jobs"
"the_donald"	"Lamenting the loss of a great patriot"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion of teaching self-esteem in schools?"
"askreddit"	"Numberphiles of Reddit: What is the best number and why?"
"the_donald"	"LvL 9000 + I'm so Based I'm Being Accused of Being a Twitter Bot!"
"the_donald"	"Condoleezza Rice on Removing Civil War Monuments: 'Sanitizing History to Make You Feel Better Is a Bad Thing'"
"askreddit"	"What is your family's dankest secret?"
"askreddit"	"What's your dependapotamus story?"
"pics"	"Snapshot in time of front page headlines from BBC America, NYT, Al Jazeera, MSNBC, CNN, and Fox News. See if you can spot the odd one out."
"askreddit"	"Deployed/Overseas soldiers of Reddit, what do you miss most about home?"
"askreddit"	"What's the fanciest hotel you ever stayed at?"
"askreddit"	"What's the coolest thing you've ever done but nobody was around to admire it?"
"askreddit"	"What did you say to the last person who decided to stop paying attention to you as you were talking to them?"
"askreddit"	"What has reddit changed on you?"
"askreddit"	"What's your best memory of your last day of term at school/college?"
"the_donald"	"MYGA - Make Yourself Great Again Week 0"
"funny"	"When your mocha latte cream freezes and comes out like this without it frothing 😠😥"
"pics"	"Me about to be hit in the face by a snowball at Crater Lake National Park."
"askreddit"	"Think about everything about yourself, now you're the opposite of that. Who are you?"
"askreddit"	"What makes someone your friend?"
"the_donald"	"MUST SEE: Venezuela today protesting for change! 🇻🇪 &lt;--- Lets spread this and show them we support them against their evil government!"
"the_donald"	"Some little mischief-maker shelved this CNN book in the non-fiction section. I decided to help the library out and put it back with the fiction where it belongs."
"askreddit"	"What’s your favorite ice cream flavor?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, why is porn so amazing?"
"the_donald"	"Anyone else watching Hannity? Rand Paul says some Republicans want to sweep unmasking under the rug. Hannity asks him to name them to him privately."
"askreddit"	"You have 10 seconds to make up a completely random and false fact. What is it?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most amount of gold you've seen given on a single post or comment?"
"the_donald"	"This website lets you make a Donald Trump bobblehead gif that autoplays on Twitter and Facebook, saying whatever you want."
"askreddit"	"For those who have received general anaesthesia, how did it feel?"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion on people deleting past romantic relationships off of social media?"
"gaming"	"GDW's Cadillacs and Dinosaurs. Has Anyone got Experience Playing?"
"the_donald"	"Marine Le Pen swing dances with supporters after defeat. \"And your joy no man shall take from you.\" (Jesus)"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Besides seeing it for yourself, what are the clues that someone is a hard worker/disciplined/does a good job etc.?"
"askreddit"	"Why do some people still support the 2nd Amendment even though it lost its importance 200+ years ago?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite letter of the alphabet and why?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why should those who are vaccinated care about non-vaccinated people? If we're vaccinated, we wouldn't be under threat of contracting any of the illnesses for which we're vaccinated, right?"
"the_donald"	"The French decided it would be better to risk letting their fellow citizens die in the name of Islamic terrorism than risk being labeled as an islamaphobe. #disgusting"
"askreddit"	"What's something you need to know as a young adult but high school/college doesn't teach you?"
"the_donald"	"The day MSM tries to say Pepe (Kek) is dead, is the same day Facebook crashes in a Global Scale. You've been warned. Don't fuck around. 🐸"
"the_donald"	"Globalism is a Disease"
"the_donald"	"Reminder: The US has intervened in 83 elections along with coups. Yet the MSM is a cosmic void on this subject. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA"
"the_donald"	"👏SCUMBAG 👏WIRE👏TAPPER 👏IN 👏CHIEF!"
"the_donald"	"TEST. TEST. THIS IS A TEST OF THE ANTI-BRIGADING SYSTEM."
"the_donald"	"What he should've said on twitter. Lmao."
"askreddit"	"Food workers of Reddit what are the strangest orders you have received?"
"gaming"	"This game's facces never cease to amaze"
"the_donald"	"Early tbt to when the democrats created the white supremacist and extreme racists and now blame us out of insecurity 👌"
"the_donald"	"Is CNN actually becoming more rational?"
"the_donald"	"My 2020 Electoral Map prediction !"
"askreddit"	"Has Reddit been slow for anyone else lately? If so why?"
"askreddit"	"Your pet has the ability to speak for one minute. What does it say?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] A Refugee raped my sister, what we dont want him to be deported, what should we do?"
"the_donald"	"WE ARE SO CLOSE TO 400k followers in T_D!!! I just want to say thank you as a white fellow who's been bastardized for far too long for this community we have here!!"
"askreddit"	"What online game (like addicting games) was the middle east strategy game that starts with \"enter sandman\" playing?"
"the_donald"	"He Is Risen! Shadilay!"
"askreddit"	"Guys have you ever been able to sense/smell when a girl is ovulating and what was your experience with this like?"
"askreddit"	"Hows your day going?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite movie? Why?"
"the_donald"	"KEK"
"the_donald"	"Actually, New science suggests that Presidency is on a spectrum."
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite moment from any vacation you have ever been on?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is your ringtone and why?"
"askreddit"	"A book is written about you in your teenage years. What would you title it?"
"the_donald"	"Liberals think its hilarious when Bill Maher suggests Donald and Ivanka have incest as a way of influencing his political positions. So I guess r/ALL will absolutely love it when I suggest that Malia Obama should have incestuous sex with Obama because I don't like what he's been up to lately?"
"the_donald"	"When your creator prounces you dead, but the fool forgot that you are immortal"
"askreddit"	"What quote from Spongebob would you use to describe any US president?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most annoying thing about your ex?"
"funny"	"Whale what do you think?"
"gaming"	"Game(Cube) disc repair?"
"funny"	"Go home Google Photos, you're drunk"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the weirdest phrases you have heard/said?"
"funny"	"Millennial Home Buyer"
"askreddit"	"What product (or service) would be good to introduce into a target country and support why that product or service may succeed in that new market?"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit has caused the most controversy?"
"askreddit"	"Where's the place you got the best customer service from? How did it go?"
"the_donald"	"Here is the most racist thing on the top of our page"
"askreddit"	"What situation lead to an unspoken agreement to never discuss again?"
"the_donald"	"Liberal Projection is strong at the Sally Yates hearing. Basically, Clapper and Yates (more her than him) claim Gen. Flynn is guilty of everything Hillary has done in her dealings with the Russians. Fascinating."
"funny"	"Every person I know over the age of 65 trying to operate their TVs."
"funny"	"You dont know the civil rights movement if you dont know this woman."
"the_donald"	"BEST. TIMELINE. Julian Assange is shitposting: First Hillary, now Marine. It's 2017 and the patriarchy's grip is as strong as ever."
"the_donald"	"France commits Cultural suicide..."
"pics"	"Mr. Skeptical Side-Eye Carp isn't sure what to make of these kids"
"askreddit"	"What's something that absolutely disgusts you?"
"the_donald"	"Can't cuck the Tuck"
"the_donald"	"Hey cucks, the coming singularity is nothing but memes. #BlackSwan"
"askreddit"	"What is a surprisingly easy thing to make yourself rather than buying at a store?"
"funny"	"updoc"
"the_donald"	"All this talk of Trump cancelling NAFTA... what is NAFTA and how will this affect me?"
"askreddit"	"A bar installs a pay phone in the back corner. It only costs 25¢. What newly-added call feature would make you want to use it today?"
"askreddit"	"Why is the Saltine cracker challenge so hard to complete?"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump Driving His Rolls-Royce While Listening to Taylor Swift with Barron &lt;3"
"the_donald"	"We have the best supporters don't we folks"
"askreddit"	"What is your best quality?"
"the_donald"	"Liberals think its HILARIOUS when Bill Maher suggests Ivanka give Donald Trump a hand-job as a way of influencing his political positions. So I guess r/ALL will absolutely LOVE IT when I suggest that Malia Obama and Barack should have incestuous sex because I don't like what he's been up to lately?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's the best way to improve your sleep besides the purple mattress?"
"askreddit"	"Do you ever drink by yourself? Why or why not?"
"the_donald"	"Here's why so many DC hacks &amp; contractors whipping up \"Russia disinformation!\" panic: $100 million bonanza"
"askreddit"	"What is your amazing fact about any body of water?"
"the_donald"	"A recruitment message from ANTIFA"
"the_donald"	"Asking The Donald if Liberals Suck..."
"pics"	"Andersen Air Force Base in Territory of Guam, U.S. of A. -- Nothing to see here folks move along!"
"funny"	"The best fidget spinner"
"the_donald"	"If someone says \"RT is state-run by Russia\" just calmly state \"BBC, PBS, Al-Jazeera\"."
"gaming"	"Settle down Fallout"
"askreddit"	"Would you wear pants made of ketchup leather? What if it rained?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite pie (you can choose sweet, savory, or one of each)?"
"the_donald"	"\"You're a liar, an unethical, dishonest official. You conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the Committee, and to rob America of a fair election after our President was legally elected. You trampled the trust of America, and basic liberty of every American\" - someone with balls"
"askreddit"	"What is an important fact that you think everyone should know?"
"the_donald"	"Islamic Cultural Diversity.It's a Beautiful Thing!"
"the_donald"	"CNN WILL NOT, WILL FUCKING NOT, STOP TALKING ABOUT RUSSIA. at what point do their hosts start to feel like total assholes."
"askreddit"	"What is the difference between when you love or like someone?"
"funny"	"Google is fucking useless"
"worldnews"	"Qantas Chief Alan Joyce cops a pie to the face at a buisness breakfast."
"the_donald"	"Anyone know where I can add people on facebook to debate with them about Trump?"
"the_donald"	"Last question of today's hearing ............."
"askreddit"	"What is the best movie that you have never seen?"
"askreddit"	"Lawyers of Reddit, how hard was the bar exam and when/where did you take it?"
"the_donald"	"Whore bag Yates"
"the_donald"	"TIL The Death Note anime was based on a real book that has killed millions."
"pics"	"My feelings on graduation are apparent"
"the_donald"	"Guys (said in the gender neutral, colloquial way), I'm reading Hitcherhicker's guide, they are talking about time travel through universes where probabilities of events are infinity minus one. Look at the phrase:"
"askreddit"	"How did people figure out how to develop recipes and make new ones that actually work to make something edible?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best-worst pickup line/attempt you've ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"What is a YouTube channel that has stood the test of time and is still good?"
"gaming"	"Multiplayer games with base/settlement building? [PC]"
"askreddit"	"What are the most poetic and deep rap verses you have ever heard?"
"askreddit"	"Corporal punishment for adults, why is this not done in the US?"
"funny"	"Looks like my great grandchildren may be the first to use my MacBook"
"askreddit"	"What is something you finally remembered after many years of trying?"
"askreddit"	"What's the scariest story you've ever heard from someone you know who witnessed it first hand?"
"askreddit"	"What is a behavior/action that easily shows a person's personality?"
"funny"	"Randy Marsh is a Role Model"
"the_donald"	"If you are a Muslim and don't publicly condemn terrorism in the name of your religion, You are not a peaceful Muslim."
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite moment of live-television gone wrong?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Aside from virtual reality games and religion to replace work taken by AI, what will people do to remain viable in life in the future?"
"askreddit"	"Why are immigrants from India so successful in the US and Canada compared to other races?"
"funny"	"Helen please"
"gaming"	"Am I doing it right?"
"funny"	"sprunged..."
"funny"	"King taco has gift cards you can put in you mothers day flowers"
"the_donald"	"ACLU is a subversive terrorist organisation. DNC/communist attack dog"
"pics"	"My dad standing dramatically under the sun"
"askreddit"	"What is something that isn't a big deal but really passes you off?"
"funny"	"Google always remembers the wrong things"
"funny"	"Mustard with one slice of cheese"
"worldnews"	"School bus crash kills 36 in Tanzania"
"askreddit"	"Why do you drink \"diet\" anything?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] people who have been to a psychic why did you go and what did you think?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst pain (physical or emotional) pain you've felt?"
"the_donald"	"To everyone hating on the president"
"pics"	"Graveyard shift has its advantages"
"askreddit"	"What has been your biggest regret?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What should you say when you're with someone and they criticise their own appearance or body?"
"askreddit"	"Customer service! What tired and predictable phrases do you hear from customers/coworkers multiple times a day?"
"the_donald"	"The single greatest argument against universal healthcare"
"askreddit"	"Fast Food Workers of Reddit: How often do people leave the drive-through before you've given them all their food?"
"askreddit"	"What product (or service) would be good to introduce into a country, where it isn't already in, and why would that product or service succeed in that new market?"
"askreddit"	"Film buffs of reddit, what documentary is something everyone must watch?"
"askreddit"	"If you were about to die right now, what would be your last thought?"
"askreddit"	"Which family member would you sacrifice for Reddit Gold?"
"the_donald"	"WE ARE NOT A HATE SUB"
"askreddit"	"How do you get unbanned from a subreddit?"
"funny"	"4 men rode 3 sea scooters from Jibai Island, Penghu to Mailiao Harbor, Changhua. 1 man got dehydrated but all made through the journey."
"pics"	"This app update makes it look like my SoundCloud is infecting my Reddit"
"the_donald"	"Liberal trans xenosexual dualspirited tri-binairy individual discovers white blood cells..."
"askreddit"	"Bought my first home today, what did you wish you knew as a first time home owner?"
"funny"	"Latin award from the future"
"the_donald"	"T_D subscription is now upto 6, 395, 280! Less than 5K to hit 400,000 (+ 6,000,000)"
"askreddit"	"What’s the most courageous thing you’ve ever done?"
"askreddit"	"What is your ideal breakfast and where are you from?"
"askreddit"	"What's a silly moment in a serious movie that almost ruins it?"
"the_donald"	"Seriously."
"the_donald"	"WE'VE GOT THE BEST GOD-EMPEROR, DON'T WE FOLKS?"
"pics"	"Pemberton valley, BC. A place I'm proud to call home"
"pics"	"My three-year-old attempting to become a cat."
"askreddit"	"Without being racist or fucked up, what are your best stereotypes about a group of people?"
"the_donald"	"When your parents ask where all of the illegal immigrants went"
"askreddit"	"What is the interesting/crazy story behind your pet's name?"
"askreddit"	"What would you tell someone who just ended a long on and off relationship?"
"funny"	"You can now send photos on a piece of toast toast through the mail. The future is here."
"the_donald"	"HAIL THE GOD-EMPEROR!"
"the_donald"	"Portland OR Grant HS teacher in hot water over letter he gave to students claiming that he doesn't believe rape culture exists..."
"the_donald"	"How bad was it?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you wear your hair that way?"
"funny"	"Well, you're definitely killing it."
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS: MACRON NEGOTIATING PRE-TERM SURRENDER TO ISIS."
"the_donald"	"'Twas the day after the \"democratic\" French election and all through the streets: a distinct lack of riots, \"recount!\", \"Russia!\", and REEEEEEEEEEs!"
"the_donald"	"CNN (Fake News) Feminist Army Front pager: We can't just pretend that patriarchy and male privilege don't exist anymore"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why do you drink?"
"askreddit"	"artists of Reddit how did you get drawing on a screenless tablet (using Intuos touch &amp; pen)?"
"the_donald"	"Measles makes you sterile, in some cases. Muslims in Minnesota causing worst measles outbreak in modern history. #darwinism"
"askreddit"	"For those who have been told you have a strong personality, how much do you agree that you do and why do you think you do?"
"the_donald"	"KEK SPEAKS. Marícon is a Mexican slur for gays. 4chan leaks show Marcon swings the other way"
"askreddit"	"What sauce do you put on everything?"
"askreddit"	"What company or product got insanely popular that you thought didn't stand a chance?"
"the_donald"	"2020 Democrat Nominee Campaign Logo"
"the_donald"	"LMAO - Julian Assange on Twitter: \"First Hillary, now Marine. It's 2017 and the patriarchy's grip is as strong as ever.\""
"askreddit"	"What's your \"buy it for life\" item, only to purchase once and only once due to exemplary craftsmanship?"
"the_donald"	"Isn't it funny how the president 'looked' like a neo-con for like 10 days in April and we were all freaking out and then by the time we learned that the USS Carl Vinson carrier group was nowhere near the Korean peninsula but was actually going...."
"the_donald"	"Fox news is still leading...SCREW PC"
"askreddit"	"What is your after work tradition and What country are you from?"
"the_donald"	"According to generational theory we're in a fourth turning and our Hero generation, the Millennials, will be needed to rescue us from this mess. Don't let the left turn them into anti-heroes."
"funny"	"No forks given"
"the_donald"	"Those who are unaware that their life is a meme will forever wander in a state of oblivion or be slaves to kek. - Best Obama"
"the_donald"	"Isn't it funny how the president 'looked' like a neo-con for like 10 days in April and we were all freaking out and then by the time we learned that the USS Carl Vinson carrier group was nowhere near the Korean peninsula but was actually going...."
"askreddit"	"What is a small thing about yourself that you are self-conscious about?"
"funny"	"Any day now"
"the_donald"	"Liberal logic 101"
"askreddit"	"What instantly makes you downvote a thread?"
"funny"	"H_ngm_n"
"pics"	"My sister found the shopping list of an angry cat owner in Tesco."
"worldnews"	"'You can’t take your organs with you': [Irish Health Minister] Harris to bring in opt-out system next year"
"the_donald"	"Your vote counts"
"the_donald"	"The left is more and more like isis every day. Let's remove civil war era monuments because it hurts our feelings. Sad!"
"the_donald"	"I hope America is so redpilled after 8 yrs of Trump that we elect a Republican that says \"cucks and commies get helicopter rides\""
"askreddit"	"What is something that isn't a big deal but really pisses you off?"
"askreddit"	"If someone has an extremely high vocabulary do you view them as intelligent? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"What will be one law in the year 2250?"
"funny"	"Yo mamma so fat, when she farts..."
"funny"	"Lockdown defender!"
"funny"	"Target has banana problems..."
"the_donald"	"Does banning people with a different opinion then you make you happy?"
"askreddit"	"What is your strongest opinion?"
"askreddit"	"When do you think paper currency will become obsolete?"
"worldnews"	"82 Chibok schoolgirls released in Nigeria"
"worldnews"	"EU leaders hail Macron's French election triumph as he warns Brexit negotiations will be 'tough'."
"the_donald"	"Pepe's gone today, but tomorrow is another day. Shadilay!"
"the_donald"	"Gotta give it to the left. They aren't giving up the fight against reality."
"askreddit"	"What was your 15 minutes of fame all about?"
"askreddit"	"What situation prompted you to join Reddit for the first time?"
"askreddit"	"If earth had two moons, what would their names be?"
"the_donald"	"It's true."
"the_donald"	"Website that lists the demands of college students that include many demands for voluntary segregation in the forms of, non-white safe spaces to entire housing for people that identify as black or POC."
"the_donald"	"Some based band needs to write a song called The False Song of Globalism."
"askreddit"	"What is good Anime for someone new to it to watch?"
"funny"	"My gf gets asked to be a bridesmaid in an unusual way"
"the_donald"	"\"We were trying to perfect Rock music\" said scientists after successfully crossing the genes of James Brown and Keith Richards."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you could bring anything from a video game to real life, what would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"[serious] What is the scariest/strangest thing that has ever happened to you, or someone you know?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have changed careers to do what you love, what was your experience?"
"the_donald"	"Welcome to Texas. No Illegal Aliens since 2017."
"askreddit"	"Texans of Reddit, what are some upsides to living in El Paso?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors of Reddit, how do you reddit, while being a Redditor of Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"Proof that not EVERY Hollywood actor is brain-damaged. Antonio Sabato Jr is a (legal) immigrant and a VERY strong Trump supporter. He is running for Congress against Julia Brownley (Brownley is a darling of PP and is pro-illegal immigration). Time for this based Calipede to be our Congressman!!!"
"the_donald"	"If healthcare bill succeeds what can we expect from left?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who like to point out people's loneliness, why do you do that ?"
"funny"	"This internet user has 4 tips on how to get the most out of Reddit! Mods hate him!"
"pics"	"Dad meeting Sean Kingston"
"the_donald"	"Teen Turns Self in to Police in Pool Party Attack on Elderly Woman: ‘I Messed Up and Have to Own Up to It’"
"the_donald"	"SHOCK VIDEO=&gt;Reporter Shows How Easy it is to Cross Southern Border, Crosses Many Times in Under a Minute!"
"pics"	"Stag Beetle admires his territory"
"gaming"	"Best phone games to play while on the toilet??"
"funny"	"Instructions unclear."
"gaming"	"Detective Pikachu Solves The Case [OC]"
"pics"	"Washington Waterfall [OC]"
"askreddit"	"Is Donald Trump more physically or mentally disgusting, and why?"
"funny"	"Get well soon!"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump tweet - \"The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?\""
"the_donald"	"This is Polish food. Europe still has things worth visiting for. Support and tour our brave European ally, Polska!"
"the_donald"	"Let's Keep This On The DL, Pedes. (Let's Not) We Wouldn't Want To Trigger Any Cucks. (We Do)"
"the_donald"	"The Intelligence Report - May 8, 2017"
"the_donald"	"Spread this around pedes. Guy who threw the old lady in the pool found by /pol/"
"the_donald"	"Macron supporters: Be sure to have a picture of the French flag ready to post to facebook after the next attack. Mention how you \"stand by them\" and \"will not be afraid\". Good plan"
"the_donald"	"Hey cucks, he has risen!"
"funny"	"Irish Air Defense"
"askreddit"	"Would you pay more to have sex with Vincent Van Gogh before or after he cut off his ear, and why?"
"pics"	"Wild times on the farm!"
"the_donald"	"AIN'T NO GRAVE (Can Hold My Body Down)"
"askreddit"	"What app or program are you about to uninstall and why?"
"the_donald"	"Macron trying to get our dumbest... err Brightest researchers!!"
"the_donald"	"✋ ycap"
"pics"	"Oregon coast through a crystal ball."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What do you do to take your mind off a bad day?"
"the_donald"	"\"Tolerant\" left wont let me post anything and even tried this message but they promote \"different opinions\" smh."
"askreddit"	"Are there are any studies/well respected opinions which suggest the best way to enjoy an overseas vacation?"
"pics"	"Thanks for making me cry in a store Iris..."
"askreddit"	"What are the worst tribute band names you can think of?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest way you've lost a friend?"
"the_donald"	"How did Don Calloway become a \"democratic strategist\"? We voted his sorry ass out of Missouri. One of worst senators ever."
"the_donald"	"The FAKE NEWS media published thousands of stories about Yates today and it's near impossible to find one that mentions Clapper said \"no evidence of collusion.\" Facts that don't support the narrative are being deliberately ignored. Disgusting!"
"askreddit"	"Males, have you ever been abke to sense a girl is fertile/ovulating and how did you experience this?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best come back moment from a big failure in life?"
"funny"	"You can now send your friends random photos on a piece of toast through the mail. The future is here."
"gaming"	"Black Ops 3 Chronicles"
"the_donald"	"Imagine voting for a man who thinks so little of his own people."
"the_donald"	"If Clinton becomes the mayor of New York you can kiss stairs goodbye. Is that what you want?"
"askreddit"	"Who was your first crush?"
"askreddit"	"What thought crosses your mind every day, multiple times?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst food you've eaten and why?"
"askreddit"	"What is a scene from a movie that you can recite perfectly? What movie and what scene?"
"funny"	"Googled fat ass woofers. Wasn't disappointed."
"the_donald"	"Where Are the Moderate Muslims?"
"pics"	"Lightning strike over Crater Lake Oregon"
"askreddit"	"What keeps you positive in a world of negativity?"
"askreddit"	"When did your pet freak you the fuck out?"
"askreddit"	"What turn of event that changed your life completely for the rest of your life?"
"the_donald"	"Leftists calling for Trump to be impeached...over fucking what, exactly?"
"askreddit"	"Ladies of reddit, at what moment did you say to yourself, \"Nope! This is over.\" on a date or relationship?"
"pics"	"Some cool artwork I found"
"funny"	"Seal or dog?"
"pics"	"Found the Photoshop battles T-Rex costume being used in a game ad"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Park Rangers, SAR officers, or anyone else who spends time in the deep wilderness, what is the scariest or weirdest things you have encountered out there?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the best job to have if you could predict the future?"
"the_donald"	"TERROR ATTACK COUNT"
"the_donald"	"Praise KEK"
"askreddit"	"What are some examples of things that don't have any reasonable explanation?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are some good reasons to stop living?"
"the_donald"	"Reddit today."
"the_donald"	"\"It's not about immigration, it's about bad people.\" - Best Obama"
"the_donald"	"If accountants and mathematicians had had the power of the doctors lobby/union, the AMA, we wouldn't be allowed to use spreadsheets alone on our own computers."
"the_donald"	"Finding T_D was like finding the Rosetta Stone for my world view. I'd been so fucked up by liberal media for so long, when I finally saw people put down rational thought, all my opinions made sense."
"askreddit"	"What is your greatest irrational fear?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most you've ever cried? What made you cry?"
"askreddit"	"Middle-children of Reddit, when have you had to be the peacemakers in your family?"
"funny"	"Ante up Sid!"
"gaming"	"I came up with a phone case featuring my 3 favorite games. thoughts?"
"the_donald"	"THEY SEE ME TROLLLLLIN', THEY HATINNNNN'! 🤣👌🏼🇺🇸"
"gaming"	"Help, I lost my guild!"
"the_donald"	"Holy fuck. Did you guys know obama lived behind a wall for 8 years?"
"gaming"	"It's a Moblin throwin' a Bokoblin!!!"
"the_donald"	"Tolerance. Anti-Censorship. Freedom of Speech."
"funny"	"Not the number they were looking for"
"funny"	"Boy, that dog sure LOVES her toy!"
"funny"	"Rick made it clear that."
"askreddit"	"Have you ever voted for someone/something and later regretted it? And who/what was it?"
"askreddit"	"What is/was your childhood comfort food?"
"the_donald"	"Know the difference"
"the_donald"	"Patriot and long time General Flynn is a victim a US star chamber"
"askreddit"	"Those who decided to followed your dreams no matter what anyone else thought, how did things go? How has life changed since then?"
"funny"	"Found the Photoshop battles T-Rex costume being used in a game ad"
"worldnews"	"Australian man arrested for overstaying US visa by 90 minutes, report says"
"the_donald"	"The_Donald is approaching 400,00 followers? More like 6 MILIION!"
"the_donald"	"Idiots protest building a wall.... by building a wall"
"the_donald"	"Something in my post is being auto-censored. I posted this half an hour ago and not one up or down vote. Deleted and posted again. Doesn't even show up in the new posts. Don't know if it's the person that said it or the name the person referenced... Fuckery is afoot...."
"askreddit"	"What is your secret love?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good places to look for stray cats?"
"askreddit"	"Misophonia: an intense emotional reaction to certain sounds. Which ones drive *you* nuts?"
"the_donald"	"CIA has revealed to Al Franken the puzzle pieces he is trying to put together."
"the_donald"	"Just an adorable photo of a young rapist and some veal"
"the_donald"	"HAHAHA Don Lemon BTFO by AD JAmes Woosley \" we're worrying about the wrong election - we should be worrying about the ne!!"
"pics"	"If I fits, I sits."
"askreddit"	"What job would you be terrible at?"
"askreddit"	"What's the weird double-joint you have?"
"worldnews"	"UK Fox hunting campaigners 'plotting to use Tory landslide to repeal ban' - Polls suggest the blood sport continues to be very unpopular with the public"
"pics"	"Backpacks given by the government for elementary school children"
"funny"	"Article states stripes in photos could cause seizures, I get an ad with stripes in the same article."
"askreddit"	"What event in human history do you find the most interesting?"
"pics"	"The bunny in its natural habitat"
"funny"	"Seems like kind of a poor choice of promotional merchandise for this movie"
"askreddit"	"Is it someone's right to get upset about a person who has been intimate but not in a relationship for a couple months then to tell you a month ago that they had sex with someone else?"
"the_donald"	"fellow PEDES"
"askreddit"	"If I was visiting your city, what's the definitive thing for me to do or visit while in town?"
"askreddit"	"Cool kids of Reddit, what's your greatest party story?"
"askreddit"	"If you could bring back a cancelled tv show and make a 2017 version of it, what show would you bring back?"
"askreddit"	"What style fedora do you own and what is your tipping technique?"
"the_donald"	"It really IS true."
"the_donald"	"Is there a way the US can militarily stop migrant ships heading into Europe?"
"askreddit"	"What kept you from being with the love of your life?"
"askreddit"	"What is the difference between equanimity and ignorance?"
"funny"	"Why the evil smile?"
"askreddit"	"What dumb thing did you once believe to be true but found out was false?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most amount of work you've undone with a click, tap, or press of a button?"
"askreddit"	"What's that embarrassing thing you did five years ago that you always think back to and can never seem to forget?"
"askreddit"	"What did you do to be called a BAMF?"
"askreddit"	"If it were still the 1980's, what would you probably be doing right now?"
"the_donald"	"Front National is undergoing a rebranding after the election yesterday. Perhaps a new logo, paying some homage to both Kek, France, and Le Pen's message?"
"the_donald"	"Why does hillary thirst for power so bad? Why not retore and spens time with grandkids? Why the need to be mayor of NYC?"
"askreddit"	"Do you sweat more when your bed has freshly washed sheets?"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you knew that your best friend was cheating on their SO and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's the nicest thing a neighbor has done for you?"
"askreddit"	"What's your opinion on dating someone who has an obsession with taking photos of Iceland?"
"funny"	"Bumblebee Tuna"
"funny"	"Wait...what?"
"gaming"	"Deadpool &amp; Rogue FUSE!"
"the_donald"	"Lol all these idiots who want single payer healthcare will donate more of their own money to politicians next election... remember... NO REFUNDS!"
"funny"	"Taco Bell makes a compelling invitation"
"funny"	"If you find one, you marry her."
"the_donald"	"Goldeneye 007 (1995): \"Unlike the American government, we prefer not to get our bad news from CNN.\""
"askreddit"	"Have you ever caught someone pretending to be blind/crippled/etc and how did you react?"
"gaming"	"Nintendo: Nintendo and distribution in America"
"gaming"	"Sorry for this"
"worldnews"	"4 of the best helicopter sightseeing tours in North America"
"the_donald"	"I'm a businessman, and I learned a lesson from that experience: good publicity is preferable to bad, but from a bottom-line perspective, bad publicity is better than no publicity at all. Controversy, in short, sells."
"askreddit"	"Trainspotters of reddit... what's the attraction to that hobby?"
"worldnews"	"Girl Scout threatened after confronting neo-Nazi protesters in striking photo"
"the_donald"	"Hey r/all and dying legacy media."
"askreddit"	"What has been the biggest plot twist in your own life?"
"askreddit"	"What's your story with the deep web?"
"funny"	"When I realize that today is just Tuesday"
"funny"	"REAL NSFW"
"worldnews"	"US President Trump Decides to Visit Bethlehem on May 23, says Palestinian President Abbas"
"the_donald"	"Hello, The_Donald. Here's your monthly reminder that mentally ill Redditors are still butthurt over their rapist and his enabler being refused entry to the White House and still butthurt that their candidate's funding from anti-women/anti-LGBT countries has dried up. What can ya do?"
"the_donald"	"Want to visit Europe? Might I suggest..."
"funny"	"My buddy had a cameo in the New Baywatch"
"pics"	"Pulled this woodtick off my daughter and did what any normal parent would do.... make a slide &amp; photograph it under 10x magnification"
"askreddit"	"When was the last Time a Video Game has made you Cry?"
"funny"	"I-15 this morning"
"the_donald"	"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"funny"	"This will make up for your mother's day."
"the_donald"	"Just another liberal admitting to breaking site rules AND THEN getting shit on in his own sub."
"funny"	"Just a few notches...please..."
"askreddit"	"What do you love but do not wish to share?"
"the_donald"	"The Left And Fake Lefty News See Racism Everywhere"
"the_donald"	"‘Good Riddance’: Krauthammer Says Obama Remarks Are Reminder ‘We Should Be Grateful’ He’s Gone"
"the_donald"	"In light of recent events here's this poster, from the pre-election days. Right clicking on the picture has been disabled to prevent stealing."
"the_donald"	"Why is it I am auto sub to /r/MarchAgainstTrump but have to manually sub to /r/the_Donald"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever regretted going through with a sexual fantasy that should have been kept a sexual fantasy, and why? Nsfw"
"askreddit"	"If there was a best moments of your life video made, what would be in it?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors over the age of 25 who still live at home with parents, what went wrong?"
"funny"	"Hey Vsauce Micheal here! What is Fred?"
"gaming"	"MacBook + rocket league + mobile hotspot + joycon from my switch = endless fun on the go ."
"the_donald"	"The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals RIPPED THE SHIT out of the ACLU today!!!! The Court was having NONE of the Bullshit being brought by the cucks and the BULLSHIT order from the lower court. The 4th Circuit Is Going to strike down the lower courts ruling. GUARANFUCKINGTEED PEPES!"
"the_donald"	"Google fuck right off.....how do they turn homogenous into multicultural????"
"askreddit"	"Do you volunteer or give your time to community service? For which cause do you contribute?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite \"I came to ____ and _____, and I'm all out of _____,\" line?"
"askreddit"	"What do you hate most about yourself?"
"funny"	"Someone tried to hit me with the Cat Facts troll today, so i created Dog Facts!"
"worldnews"	"In France, a hack falls flat"
"askreddit"	"What was your first game console?"
"askreddit"	"Current/former students of Reddit, what is the most meaningless class you've had to take?"
"askreddit"	"When did you have sex for the first time?"
"the_donald"	"Free Helicopter Rides!"
"the_donald"	"Glad to see r/ShillsagAgainstTrump is seeing things from our perspective"
"the_donald"	"This rug would look fantastic in Jeff Sessions' cabin."
"askreddit"	"If you could have one cybernetic enhancement, what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"The modern left's political compass"
"askreddit"	"If you could meet with any famous dead person, who would yoi meet with?"
"askreddit"	"How do you think the highway system will work in 20 years with 50% (if not more) of cars being self-driving cars?"
"gaming"	"My first goal after timer (Thanks blue!)"
"askreddit"	"What is something lost to history that you wish you could have witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"How realistic is \"13 Reasons Why\" comared to High School?"
"programming"	"Garbage collection and variable lifetime tracking in CLR"
"askreddit"	"Women who use dating apps: What do the fake profiles that you get look like?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever misread the signals or got mixed messages from someone? What happened?"
"askreddit"	"What's the opposite of a trashcan?"
"askreddit"	"When were you so captivated by someone's story that you were like a kid in the movies who puts their chin in their hand?"
"askreddit"	"Why do some people still support the 2nd Amendment even though it is no longer relevant?"
"worldnews"	"Comey’s testimony on Huma Abedin was inaccurate -"
"the_donald"	"DON'T FORGET!! We are 6,000,000 pedes strong"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People who ate their own boogers, why did you do it?"
"askreddit"	"What marks the beginning of the end of a relationship?"
"the_donald"	"Nothing to see here."
"askreddit"	"What city/country have you longed to live in just because you saw a movie or show set there?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most bullshit reason you might be sent to hell?"
"the_donald"	"Podesta should of listened to ole bill."
"the_donald"	"MORE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!"
"gaming"	"Sif, The vvv good boy (Dark Souls)"
"the_donald"	"Just another liberal admitting to breaking site rules AND THEN getting shit in his own sub. Sad."
"askreddit"	"What's a turn on for your SO but doesn't do it for you and you're afraid to admit?"
"the_donald"	"HE IS RISEN"
"the_donald"	"Comey's testimony on Huma Abedin was inaccurate"
"pics"	"When your flight gets delayed and all you wanna do is relax"
"pics"	"The Dark Crystal IRL"
"funny"	"BURN"
"the_donald"	"American citizens in favor of strengthening ties even further with Poland say I???"
"funny"	"Queen of Speed"
"worldnews"	"Girl dies as bouncy castle takes off"
"the_donald"	"Dems after Clapper confirms no collusion with Russia. On how many levels can a group of people lose?"
"the_donald"	"Reminder that CA is trying to fundraise for Ant*fa by legalizing Communism in Schools."
"funny"	"Ever have a bag of very unfriendly, possibly even deadly, asshole danger waffles in your freezer?"
"the_donald"	"ELDERPEDE HERE AGAIN: America once had a coiled rattlesnake as our symbol of freedom, why not a frog?"
"the_donald"	"The true culprit behind the DNC leaks."
"askreddit"	"For what reason did you have to call 911?"
"worldnews"	"Being Lionel Messi's doppelganger almost left Iranian student in prison"
"askreddit"	"Where did the derogatory phrase \"go suck eggs\" come from?"
"the_donald"	"Hey r/all"
"gaming"	"Dark Souls [Reality Guide] Ornstein and Smough"
"gaming"	"Curious if anyone can help me with the name of an older (PS1?) game."
"the_donald"	"Seriously."
"the_donald"	"Alex- stop trolling. I'd be mad😡as well, if I had a social media team of 30+ .... that got trounced by… https://t.co/N9PB0SZsGE"
"the_donald"	"san bernardino massacre victims families sue google twitter and facebook"
"askreddit"	"Females of Reddit, why do girls tell other girls that they're pretty, even when they're not?"
"askreddit"	"What song never ceases to make you feel better when you're down?"
"the_donald"	"We should start changing our FB profile pictures to the French flag now..."
"the_donald"	"As the police will have to deal with mass islam invasion in France,they simply call in sick...All of Them."
"askreddit"	"What actors can be cast interchangeably?"
"gaming"	"How can I get swat 4?"
"the_donald"	"Not only does HRC get away with breaking the law, according to the ACLU lawyer from today, the travel ban would be constitutional if written by her, but not Trump. If this has to go to SCOTUS, we need to start pressing Congress to impeach judges."
"askreddit"	"What did your parents teach you as a child that you now know is completely wrong?"
"the_donald"	"Youtuber Computing Forever proposes an idea for an uncensorable social media platform"
"the_donald"	"Time has come to declare the rest of Reddit and the entire left as \"Liars and total idiots\". Do you remember all the \"Russia hacked lies\" on /r/ALL where the sore losers were venting their cuckoldry? Morons. Today we were absolutely vindicated in the hearings. Yes, leftwing msm is fake news."
"the_donald"	"Shareblue out in full force huh? Let's show whose stronger &lt;&lt;&lt;"
"funny"	"The map in a GTA strip club looks like a..."
"the_donald"	"Yeah Western nations are sooooooo rascist why is it that these shitbags on the left harrass us???"
"askreddit"	"What are some good documentaries to watch that are similar to \"Zero Days\" or \"Citizen Four\" or any other good conspiracy documentaries?"
"the_donald"	"The ultimate example of cost tail riding white woman privilege. No one would of known her name if it wasn't for her husband."
"the_donald"	"***** MARK DICE ***** PRESIDENT TRUMP ***** DICE CLAY *****"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, how would you articulate the feelings of the transition from infatuation to truly being in love?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe the Frog officially declared dead, Killed for becoming a \"symbol of hate\" We honor his death. Pepe was love not hate"
"the_donald"	"Question: what did you use to do before Trump was President (or running for)?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, when were you in a real life situation where your choices didn't matter?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most ridiculously funny/punny names that you know of?"
"worldnews"	"Evidence suggests Russia behind hack of French president-elect"
"the_donald"	"The Latest: Paris prosecutors probe hacking attack on Macron"
"askreddit"	"Where has your class clown ended up in life?"
"askreddit"	"Would the Titanic of sunk slower if it had dropped its 3 anchors which weighed a total of 31 tons?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been a victim of some type of fraud? What happened?"
"the_donald"	"It's all true."
"the_donald"	"Cuckerberg to be Commencement speaker at Harvard. Not the black commencement, though. The regular one."
"askreddit"	"Redditors with famous within their field family members, what do they do?"
"askreddit"	"Who is someone you have a love/hate relationship with? Why?"
"the_donald"	"The Red Dinner - The Rains of Trump"
"the_donald"	"UNREAL!!! SNL ACTUALLY BTFOS LIBERAL SNOWFLAKES WITH PRO-TRUMP SKIT"
"askreddit"	"If you had to make an up-beat mix tape similar to Guardians of The Galaxy, what song would be your first pick?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's your experience like dating lesbians?"
"gaming"	"Custom Nintendo Gamecube and mtching controller"
"funny"	"That's going to leave a mark."
"askreddit"	"How did you introduce your SO to your secret fetish?"
"the_donald"	"Very Fortunate, indeed."
"askreddit"	"Why do chickens suck on their unhatched eggs every four hours or so?"
"worldnews"	"Eating cheese does not raise risk of heart attack or stroke, study finds: Consumption of even full-fat dairy products does not increase risk, international team of experts says"
"askreddit"	"Reddit: What would you be doing right now if you weren't on Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"Acting attorney general fired by Trump stands by decision not to defend travel ban"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing you have seen someone do at a party?"
"askreddit"	"What are you embarrassed to have forgotten?"
"funny"	"Me During Exams(Bladerunner 2049 funposting time)"
"funny"	"My local PD when they arrest a person of color."
"gaming"	"I'll never forget the hype around this commercial"
"the_donald"	"Hey r/all, we are media now!!!!!"
"the_donald"	"A cop arrests a person for violating the law, they don't stand around discussing intent. The courts determine through trial a criminals intent and then pass judgement, James Comey is the cop who simply is standing by discussing intent. Make an arrest allow the courts to do there job James."
"askreddit"	"What is your best hangover cure for the morning?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most ridiculously funny/punny pet names that you know of?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors outside the US, what cuisine that is not associated with your country is popular in your country?"
"the_donald"	"Taking a small survey here."
"the_donald"	"drain the swamp doesn't only applied 2 Democrats​"
"askreddit"	"Non-Americans and world travlers: what are the \"red states\" (conservative, akin to America's red states) like in other countries?"
"funny"	"Any day now"
"the_donald"	"Haven't talked to a veteran buddy of mine in quite some time. Thought for sure he would be pro Trump. Boy was I wrong when I asked how he liked the don. Threatened to call the police block me on Facebook and iPhone and went on like a 10 page text rant about how I don't know shit about politics. Lol"
"askreddit"	"What made you lose it with a customer?"
"askreddit"	"Which country have you been to which you're pretty sure very few Redditors have visited?"
"askreddit"	"You own the keys to every door on Earth. Which door do you look behind first?"
"askreddit"	"[serious] what was a time you thought you were going to die?"
"the_donald"	"ULTRA RARE ANIME PEPE (WHOEVER GUESSES IT FIRST WINS) *DONT STEAL*"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing you would do for a dollar?"
"askreddit"	"Alright Reddit, What's your thoughts on 4Chan?"
"askreddit"	"What is your weirdest bus story?"
"gaming"	"Can I ask the age and gender of my fellow gamers?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the weirdest stereotypes out there?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever cried because you missed someone? What was going through your head?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What helps you sleep well at night?"
"askreddit"	"How do YOU study?"
"funny"	"Native American Preservations"
"the_donald"	"We cannot let people write off our concern over Islamic terrorism. I have created a running list of attacks on France since 2012."
"askreddit"	"People who have \"fallen and can't get up\" how did you get up?"
"askreddit"	"You get to mind control Donald Trump for 10 seconds, what do you do?"
"funny"	"SLAM"
"askreddit"	"What are some MUST watch movies from 2000 onwards?"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit, how do you deal with change? (Coins) Do you carry it around or just leave it at home in the jar?"
"askreddit"	"Neocons of Reddit; what's the appeal of thermo-nuclear war with Russia and China?"
"the_donald"	"🚨Retard Alert🚨"
"the_donald"	"Tribune Broadcasting and Sinclair Broadcasting are trying to merge and will have over 200 stations . There is no way President Trump can have the long term effect needed if broadcast airwave monopolies are not broken up and given to more people."
"askreddit"	"[[NSFW]] Whats a good way to track down a porn a person saw years ago, with nothing more than the general gist of ths plot?"
"the_donald"	"Another professor wants to kill all Republican members of congress."
"the_donald"	"Petition to the Cucks in Congress to fund the f'n wall! Sign it pedes!"
"gaming"	"Best moment i've ever had in this game."
"the_donald"	"Poland is one of the most consistently pro-American nations in Europe and the world, with 79% of Poles viewing the United States favorably"
"the_donald"	"Video of the left blowing up monuments"
"the_donald"	"A Sign From Lord Kek?!"
"askreddit"	"Why are coming and climaxing interchangable with orgasming?"
"askreddit"	"What old game show do you miss/wish would be brought back on TV?"
"askreddit"	"What do you hate about the country you live in?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most insane subreddit?"
"funny"	"Who dares oppose the army of gobble gobble?"
"pics"	"Wesley Underfoot. I had 2 different local artists do some art for me. The pic on the left is the one and only, top right-oil on canvas, bottom right-pencil."
"gaming"	"Uh oh"
"the_donald"	"So, what's it like being the laughing stock of Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"SJW science: 1984 is needed because free speech is hate speech. bonus, censorship of all criticism on the study, further evidence that SJW's use the term 'hate speech' to shut down discussion. [how much $$ was wasted on this instead of fusion or cancer research?]"
"askreddit"	"If you had a million dollars, you'd buy her what?"
"the_donald"	"PATHETIC"
"the_donald"	"Macron reveals his new design for the Eiffel Tower"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) What's the first step to end this ridiculous divide in politics in the United states?"
"programming"	"Writing a damn fast hash table with tiny memory footprints"
"the_donald"	"Is CNN, ABC, all the cuck media and cucks on reddit going to apologize to us for the Russia lie? You cucks must be happy that Trump is President. Otherwise, Trump's twitter would have burned you to crisp like never before."
"askreddit"	"How is Britain's Nigel Farage's active lobbying efforts to promote California's succession from the US especially NOT an example of political terrorism?"
"funny"	"How the Lego Store lies to you:"
"the_donald"	"I'm sure France is going to be fine.... poorbastards"
"funny"	"Something tells me this sex offender's name is misspelled"
"gaming"	"Multiplayer Escape Room Games? (PC)"
"the_donald"	"DRUDGE REPORT: 'CA: COMMIES IN GOVT JOBS'"
"the_donald"	"We cannot let them ignore us, they pretend that terrorism isnt happening. I have compiled a list of attacks on France since 2012."
"funny"	"Digging in the bed is so tiring sometimes!"
"askreddit"	"Ambitious folks of Reddit, what is your Five-Year Plan?"
"askreddit"	"What's a small, stupid, insignificant moment from your life that you regret but still think about to this day?"
"askreddit"	"What episode of The Twilight Zone absolutely terrified you as a child?"
"gaming"	"A Change of Seasons by Dream Theater 100% FC (GH3 Custom Song)"
"askreddit"	"Therapists/counselors (mental health) of Reddit, what's one thing you wish you had known when you were first starting out?"
"askreddit"	"What lesson did you learn from a movie?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the worst crime to be framed for and found guilty?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to be turned into a tree, what tree would you be?"
"the_donald"	"Kekistani flag reviews - Not even Amazon can resist Meme Magic!"
"askreddit"	"Wondering how much a food truck or two would cost for a back yard wedding?"
"askreddit"	"What idea sounds funny to people until they realize it works?"
"askreddit"	"What a question you can ask a kid to get their imaginations working?"
"the_donald"	"A REMINDER: MOST LOCAL FOX ARE FAKE NEWS AND THEY WILL NEVER REPORT THIS AS HATE CRIME OR FLOOR SLAMMING... THEY ARE ALL FAKE NEWS AND ALL ARE BIASED AND FAKE NEWS..."
"the_donald"	"So...why don't we all do a meet up event at say..."
"the_donald"	"Bill Maher slammed over Ivanka Trump remarks | Fox News"
"askreddit"	"What company/brand is better than its competitor (duopoly) and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are small things that make work more enjoyable for you (if any)?"
"askreddit"	"Guys of Reddit what would it take for you to let a woman peg you?"
"the_donald"	"Kevin Lewis on Twitter: JUST IN: @ICEgov says MoCo DOC released 18yo illegal immigrant -accused of taking AR-15 to school- despite deportation detainer in place."
"askreddit"	"If life was a video game, what would some of its achievements be?"
"askreddit"	"What is it like to live with split personality disorder?"
"gaming"	"Nintendo: Nintendo and distribution in America (Translated in English on the comments)"
"worldnews"	"Philippines senator tells UN reports of drug war killings are 'alternative facts'"
"the_donald"	"Facebook censorship strikes again: Facebook Deletes Thousands Of Accounts Ahead Of UK Election"
"the_donald"	"After the hearings, do you want to know who is the cock holster of Trump's dick? Stephen Colbert and rest of the cucks especially the ones of reddit who were happy when Colbert made that comment because todays hearing proved that there was no Russia connection."
"pics"	"Broccoli treehouse"
"askreddit"	"What is your policy on tipping for carry-out orders from full service restaurants?"
"funny"	"My school is so cheap they use laptops as disco lights."
"funny"	"The label may surprise you"
"funny"	"Too Soon Professor"
"askreddit"	"What is your most embarrassing sexual experience you've ever had with a bf or gf?"
"the_donald"	"i love u guys so much thank u for making a country I've always found interesting even better MAGA"
"askreddit"	"What job did you want as a child? Where do you work now?"
"askreddit"	"What memory makes you feel warm and fuzzy?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the biggest unsolved mystery of your local area?"
"the_donald"	"Interesting call for unity via an Imgurian to fight against the push to end net neutrality"
"askreddit"	"Why do videos that show something out of wak get the most thump's up?"
"askreddit"	"What is a household object that you could NOT kill someone with?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever wanted to seclude yourself from society and why?"
"askreddit"	"What do you regret buying?"
"the_donald"	"From voat"
"pics"	"Pure contentment"
"the_donald"	"LEMONDE.FR IS FAKE NEWS AND CONTROLLED MEGAPHONE THAT REPEATS THE SOME OLD SHIT. SO PEPE IS NOW A NAZI SYMBOL, WE ARE ALL NAZIS (WE ARE ALL COLORS AND KINDS BEHIND PEPE AND TRUMP) NOT AMERICAN VOTERS AND CONSERVATIVES..."
"the_donald"	"Obituary for our fallen soldier Sgt. Cameron Thomas of Ohio, killed in a US-led raid that resulted in the death of ISIS' leader in Afghanistan and untold intelligence for future strikes"
"askreddit"	"What 'Ask Reddit' threads do you have saved for all the great value responses?"
"askreddit"	"redditors of China: If Harry Potter had been written in your country, what mythical creatures would have been in it? [Serious]"
"the_donald"	"Fake News Will Not Cover the Russian-Obama Connection! The_Donald, Help Because no one else is!"
"the_donald"	"If T_D is deleted by spez one of these days, which I think is likely, where are we all re-grouping?"
"askreddit"	"Corrupted by ultimate power, what kind of supervillain do you become?"
"askreddit"	"What do you wish you knew 10 years ago?"
"askreddit"	"Is there really a reason why we're supposed to brush our teeth for two minutes or is it an arbitrary number?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst sub reddit you have ever seen? Either that the people there are bad or that just the sub reddit it really awfull overall?"
"funny"	"Rape culture lmao 😂"
"askreddit"	"What's the most bitter-sweet thing that's happened to you?"
"askreddit"	"Dog Owners or Vet Employees, what's the weirdest animal name you've come across?"
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @PeteSessions Stop blocking from select countries and block ALL immigration!!!!"
"the_donald"	"Looks like someone is going to jail"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of dating a guy for 2 weeks and he says he wanna rship he's really into you but signs on app daily sometimes twice?"
"the_donald"	"PEPE CLINTONED?"
"askreddit"	"What is that thing in the back of your mind that is bothering you right now and you need to vent out?"
"askreddit"	"If you knew that reddit was shutting down forever in 24 hours, what would you do with the time?"
"the_donald"	"Boston free speech rally this Saturday!"
"the_donald"	"Why is this news? It's just their culture now. It's like reporting on a backyard barbecue in America. Whatever."
"gaming"	"Don't buy the division"
"gaming"	"Why the hell do half the Evolve players never pick a role when a group of 4 is finally found. Where do they all go!?"
"the_donald"	"LNC: MAGA MONDAY EDITION 5/8/2017!!!"
"askreddit"	"What was the most out of touch meltdown your rich friend had?"
"gaming"	"Do people make money from creating and uploading games onto Newgrounds, Armorgames, Kongregrate, and etc.?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst tattoo you've ever laid eyes on?"
"askreddit"	"What company/brand is better than its competitor (duopoly) and why?"
"askreddit"	"What fictional couple has the strongest successful relationship?"
"askreddit"	"If you had Super Speed and didn't break the law or served as a super hero, what would your job be?"
"the_donald"	"Oh no, looks like we hurt their feefees! :("
"the_donald"	"The New York Post says that Pepe \"may live on in bigoted corners of the internet\". WELL GUESS WHAT NYP, YOU ARE FAKE NEWS!"
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch games list EXPANDS, new Stock update and price news"
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @jeffsessions Stop blocking from select countries and block ALL immigration!!!!"
"the_donald"	"Hillary used 40 different blackberries to run a subscription service of her state department emails, run by anthony weiner in nyc. George Webb breaks it wide open."
"askreddit"	"What do you do when you pick a booger?"
"funny"	"Learn to Speak Jamaican"
"the_donald"	"NPR Attempts To Undermine WikiLeaks’ Credibility With Deliberate, Brazen Lie"
"the_donald"	"Boston Free Speech rally this Saturday."
"funny"	"How to make math fun"
"askreddit"	"When is the next World War gonna start and what started it?"
"askreddit"	"What living actors could you never imagine appearing in a movie together?"
"askreddit"	"What goes on behind the scenes at your job, that the general public has no idea about?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor Ahok found guilty of blasphemy"
"the_donald"	"How to run for office - free advice"
"funny"	"JAPAN HAS TAKEN IT TO FAR"
"the_donald"	"Fighting lying, pomposity, smugness and groupthink since November 14, 2016 (x-post /r/tucker_carlson)"
"the_donald"	"Comey wasn't stopping Hillary last October from becoming President like we all thought, he was protecting her from a secret grand jury investigation into her blackberry state department subscription service going public. FIRE COMEY."
"askreddit"	"What dead meme used to be the best?"
"funny"	"How it really happened"
"worldnews"	"Trump Advisers Call for More Troops to Break Afghan Deadlock"
"pics"	"This ship is bananas"
"pics"	"The levee by my house"
"askreddit"	"Sex workers who charge $500 per hour - howbis your service worth more than someone who charges $150 an hour ?"
"askreddit"	"NSFW If you receive anal from your wife with a dildo, is it gay? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most pain you have or seen someone experience?"
"the_donald"	"CNN BENDS THE KNEE: \"Donald Trump is turning liberals into conspiracy theorists\""
"pics"	"Take On Me"
"askreddit"	"If the internet, worldwide, was to crash, how long would it be before you panicked, and what would be the first thing you would do once you realized it was down?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] When is it ok to ask Professor to Review Your Exam Grade?"
"funny"	"So much irony"
"pics"	"Needed to check what all the itchy scalps were from. Used my mid-century microscope from Japan from an estate sale. Glad I bought it."
"the_donald"	"WE LOVE OUR 2D BORDER PATROL DON'T WE FOLKS?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most drastic change (for better or worse) you have seen someone undergo? [serious]"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is a movie you loved as a child, that you see in an entirely different light as an adult?"
"the_donald"	"Man in Armor AKA Cucked Knight says \"we all want the same things\""
"askreddit"	"What is time you looked the poorest/brokest even though you were not?"
"funny"	"\"This song makes me want to...\" The Rapper Future has a new music video and the comment section is hilarious."
"the_donald"	"Question: When did we stop caring about Vault 50 leaks?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most important thing you think people should contribute to society?"
"the_donald"	"KEK 3:16 - \"consumeth red pill memes for everlasting life\""
"askreddit"	"People with senioritis, how do you get yourself to study?"
"pics"	"[OC] A tiny painting I made"
"askreddit"	"Is there someone in your life that you love but really don't like? If so, why?"
"funny"	"Not even Google can help me get ass"
"askreddit"	"What are some good jobs to work while studying?"
"worldnews"	"Obama warned Trump about hiring Michael Flynn"
"the_donald"	"Very fortunate, indeed."
"the_donald"	"47.1k cucks want to ban T_D. This is a great accomplishment for T_D and should be celebrated!"
"the_donald"	"CNN, ABC, NBC, main stream media spend an awful lot of money and time on this \"Russia narrative\" - They purposefully lied and misled the entire country and world, even Clapper lied on TV. Today it was proven to the world that the Left Lie and the media is fake news who work for them."
"askreddit"	"What does your currency smell like?"
"askreddit"	"what's a question that hasn't been asked on here yet?"
"askreddit"	"Boxers of Reddit, if we are found in a street fight, how do we fix our shit if we tend to turn our backs? How do we win?"
"the_donald"	"Failing New York Times makes a list of takeaways from the Yates hearing. They completely ignore Clapper saying \"no evidence of collusion.\" Here's my takeaway: THE MEDIA IS FAKE NEWS!"
"funny"	"I'm high as a kite wow!"
"askreddit"	"If you inherited $10 billion but a condition of the will stated that you had to use $1 billion of it in a way that would make you look like an eccentric billionaire, how would you spend the money?"
"the_donald"	"Remember when Alex jones said hillary and podesta would be arrestes any day"
"askreddit"	"In Star Wars how does the death star shoot its ray without being pushed back from the pressure?"
"askreddit"	"What's your method to falling asleep?"
"askreddit"	"If your pet had a pet name for you, what might you think it is?"
"the_donald"	"WHEN YOU WAKE UP AND READ YOUR CREATOR KILLED YOU AND NOW YOU S'POSSED TO BE DEAD... BUT YOU NOT."
"pics"	"I found two friends at Whofestdfw. Thank goodness, because when I check Friends on Reddit, it says, 'Wow, such empty!'"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing you've seen a hobo, junkie, or tweaker do in your local city?"
"funny"	"Saw This Jew Asking for His Suitcase at the Airport"
"gaming"	"'Civilization' Creator Sid Meier: \"I Didn't Expect to be a Game Designer\""
"askreddit"	"What made you \"feel old\" for the first time?"
"the_donald"	"There have been 44 Officers killed in the line of duty this year. An increase of 22% compared to the same time last year. #BlueLivesMatter"
"askreddit"	"What is the single most gay thing you've ever done?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump Has Let The Intel Community Fall On Their Sword Ever Since Inauguration"
"askreddit"	"[serious]Parents of REDDIT who post pica of their children on /r/aww , why?"
"the_donald"	"Body slam and throw a lady into a pool... go to jail. Bang a \"Conservative\" on the head, cracking open his skull on video with a bike lock in Berkeley, CA: Go free - WTF!?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What are some actually decent conversation starters or questions to know more about them?"
"askreddit"	"What simple thing makes you satisfied?"
"askreddit"	"If you could have any \"mediocre power\" ... like a super power only not so super, what would you choose?"
"funny"	"If your house slave is too stupid too carry you"
"funny"	"The people of Yahoo Answers"
"the_donald"	"Do you ever feel guilty that you're contributing to Demographic-Winter, but in you're heart you know that you don't want to be a parent and love single-life?"
"the_donald"	"I voted for Donald Trump..."
"askreddit"	"How do you win over a guy with your personality?"
"funny"	"Amazon just fucked up"
"askreddit"	"If assassination means to kill, what would buttbuttination mean?"
"the_donald"	"FUCK Austria! Free Speech Bitch! Just a friendly reminder to be thankful you live in America where you can say whatever the fuck you want, even random things like 'Fuck Islam'"
"the_donald"	"Kek ASSANGE: \"First Hillary, now Marine. It's 2017 and the patriarchy's grip is as strong as ever.\""
"askreddit"	"What are some fancier ways to say you were having an unemployed year on the resume?"
"the_donald"	"Can anyone explain to me why macron would have anything against pedophilia considering his wife is one? France just elected not only a pedophile enabler but a pedophile ENCOURAGER!"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite 2000's song to jam out to?"
"askreddit"	"What is one thing that annoys you that probably shouldn't?"
"the_donald"	"Lol raid enoughtrumpspam?"
"the_donald"	"What would this guy say tomorrow? Lel. This guy was one of best liars on TV so far and one of the guys behind this whole Russia narrative. Fake News CNN talking about fake news while spreading fake news."
"askreddit"	"What's the scariest thing that's ever happened to you while you were home alone?"
"the_donald"	"DAMN IT YOU STUPID ASS LEFTISTS. IF YOUR POSITION IS BASED ON RACE, YOU'RE A STUPID ASS. YOU'RE ALSO PROBABLY MORE RACIST THAN THE PEOPLE YOU'RE ATTACKING."
"the_donald"	"Russia Investigation"
"askreddit"	"What is the thing you always got in trouble for growing up?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most culturally impactful record of the 201X's?"
"askreddit"	"International travelers, where would you recommend going and what would you do in that city/country?"
"the_donald"	"Bet you didn't know that 2Pac was a white nationalist nazi"
"askreddit"	"What's the \"most blasphemous\" thing you've ever done?"
"askreddit"	"What were the fidget spinner equivalents of generations past?"
"worldnews"	"Arizona: Phoenix serial killer suspect arrested"
"the_donald"	"Just a reminder that GLOBAL WARMING IS NOT REAL"
"funny"	"Thought the boxes in my garage might benefit from some eyebrows and lights. Was not disappointed."
"funny"	"I'm not sure I want my kid to get that kind of help..."
"the_donald"	"THIS ... IS ... MAGA! (level 400 thousand edition)"
"askreddit"	"Why is Escanaba in da moon light sych a great movie?"
"askreddit"	"What are some fancier ways to write on the resume if you were just unemployed for a year?"
"the_donald"	"They really ARE getting started now: Propagandist-comedian Bill Maher does a whole segment angrily demanding that America vote for Hillary in the 2020 election – One of the reasons? She won't fill her Cabinet with \"rich straight white men\"! Wait, does being QUALIFIED actually mean something or no?"
"askreddit"	"What small time heist did you commit?"
"askreddit"	"What stereotypes are true in your experience?"
"gaming"	"Pazzak: One of the best Minigames"
"askreddit"	"What are some fancier ways to say you were unemployed for a year when you are questioned by the interviewer?"
"funny"	"The goalie! :D"
"askreddit"	"What are things to consider before accepting a job offer?"
"askreddit"	"When was a time your instincts saved you?"
"gaming"	"SURROUND SOUND LAG"
"gaming"	"The Last of Us - Secret Ending"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest room you've ever woken up in?"
"askreddit"	"If you could start a fashion trend that defines the next decade's style, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"In the spirit of avoiding studying for finals, what's a list of things you would do to get back on your feet if you woke up one day and found yourself homeless and with no credit?"
"funny"	"A dog struggling with a tangerine"
"worldnews"	"In a sample of Arab countries, more women than men say that women who dress provocatively deserve to be harassed, study finds."
"askreddit"	"How different would the world be if sports were played by teams consisting of their mascots?"
"gaming"	"Need a game recommendation"
"the_donald"	"If you're gonna be subjected to ads, might as well drop a few redpills in"
"askreddit"	"Couples of Reddit: How has your signifigant other improved your life ?"
"askreddit"	"What song lyrics have you thought were correct, only to find out they were hilariously wrong ?"
"the_donald"	"Are we still boycotting this bullshit?"
"the_donald"	"I'm no scientist but these numbers from our \"competition\" just doesn't add up mathematically."
"the_donald"	"Man sues to stop New Orleans from removing Confederate statue!"
"askreddit"	"What's the silliest and/or cutest nickname you have for your pet?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors of Reddit who Reddit, what's the most Reddit thing that is Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"How many people actually put butter on a pop tart after hearing the song on Family Guy?"
"askreddit"	"Do you actually laugh at memes and what memes in particular do you find funny, Reddit?"
"pics"	"Survived Monday like...."
"askreddit"	"Who is your most annoying good friend and what do they do for a living?"
"the_donald"	"\"Trump said he was wiretapped. He is lying. President Obama the hero can't do no such thing\" - If you were main stream media who said this and someone who believed this, Rekd today."
"the_donald"	"I'm through hiding how I feel against these dumb libs."
"askreddit"	"What would be the most unsettling way to learn the existence of extraterrestrial life?"
"funny"	"Folgers recently held a jingle contest. This ended up being an inspirational wellspring for us to write an entire album of completely unmarketable Folgers ditties."
"pics"	"Always that one guy...."
"askreddit"	"Why do used car lots always keep their vehicles gas on E?"
"askreddit"	"What are two things people think are mutually exclusive, but really aren't?"
"askreddit"	"What shows are you currently watching?"
"askreddit"	"You can make people stop saying ONE thing to you. What is it?"
"askreddit"	"What things do you like more as you get older?"
"askreddit"	"Humans of Reddit, if you were a flavor of ice cream, what would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"How many words can you make from \"reddit\"?"
"gaming"	"I started playing Bioshock and ran into a message trying to board the \"Bathysphere Station\", it reads : \"You have not rescured or harvested all the little sisters on this deck. You need more Adam from them to become more powerful. It will be very difficult to survive without getting more adam\"."
"askreddit"	"How do I beat a civilization addiction?"
"askreddit"	"What was the best prank ever pulled?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Muslims of Reddit: is there an equivalent to a \"Come to Jesus\" moment for Muslims? If so, what was yours?"
"askreddit"	"Anyone else addicted to CIV?"
"the_donald"	"Well shariablue, looks like you're gonna have to add me to your list of \"white supremacist, privileged bigots\" because I'm officially riding the trump train!! It's good be aboard boys!!!!(sorry for assuming gender)"
"pics"	"Pavilion at Twilight. Cambria, California."
"pics"	"So many clouds, such a little moon."
"askreddit"	"Help: They say heartbreak gets better with time....what's your advice for someone who keeps feeling ok for longer periods of time, but then suddenly the bad feelings randomly show up WORSE each time?"
"askreddit"	"(serious) what is to happen to social sites?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How long have you been on Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"GOP Senator to Sally Yates: What Gave YOU the RIGHT to Declare Trump's Travel Ban \"Unconstitutional\"?"
"askreddit"	"If you were able to change one decision you took during your life, which one would it be and why?"
"the_donald"	"Incredibly Rare Donald (No steal)"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, why is CIV so addicting?"
"funny"	"If you fail at sailing this is a good buy!"
"askreddit"	"What has been your shittiest experience on reddit?"
"funny"	"Quite Interesting news .."
"funny"	"Just wondering... do black people have this problem?"
"pics"	"Can someone explain this?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite non-lullaby to sing a baby to sleep?"
"askreddit"	"Has your pet ever been randomly aggressive to a stranger who ended up being bad news? &amp; did they possibly save you?"
"askreddit"	"if you could see five minutes into the future, but only do this once, how would you maximize the money you're earned?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to move to a state or country besides the one you currently live in, where would you move and why?"
"funny"	"So for this year's elections in Korea, SBS is doing a GoT theme."
"the_donald"	"French liberals are LITERALLY Nazis and wish Germany had won the world war ????????"
"askreddit"	"which movie character represents you?"
"the_donald"	"I found this great flag to represent our glorious subreddit!"
"askreddit"	"What is the coolest animal, and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are some apps or sites like Grinder, but for straight people? [NSFW]"
"askreddit"	"What usually happens to prisoners when a city falls under military siege, can they leave for shelters or do they have to stay in jail?"
"worldnews"	"Putin visits his former KGB boss on his 90th birthday"
"askreddit"	"What is something you saw lately that was disgusting but you couldn't look away?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of a serious relationship with a girl/guy who lives 2 hrs drive away?"
"the_donald"	"Going to be giving a presentation in class, ending it off with this slide. Wish me luck... And protection."
"pics"	"Thought the boxes in my garage might benefit from some lights and eyebrows. Was not disappointed."
"pics"	"No respect"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What happens if you set off the smoke detector in your hotel from vaping?"
"askreddit"	"what actor/actress was the worst choice for a movie role?"
"the_donald"	"Since Pepe 'is dead' may I suggest another mascot?"
"the_donald"	"Still mad about the election. And they call us butthurt."
"the_donald"	"Dear Anti-Trump astroturfers, you could have 100k fake votes but they are nothing compared to a single T_D true heart vote. The harder you try the harder you fail!"
"the_donald"	"🎊WTAF!?!? Outrageous, disrespectful HS teacher let students smash pinata with Trump’s picture! Who the hell hires these ppl? Imagine if the face was Obama’s. Would EBT cards and rigged elections fall out?🎊"
"pics"	"Here's to remembering my Uncle Mark, who was taken in only three months by melanoma on the 7th day of Melanoma Awareness Month."
"askreddit"	"Have you ever encountered someone whom you later realized fit the profile for a true psychopath? What was that experience like?"
"the_donald"	"MAGA! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍!"
"askreddit"	"What are some apps or sites like Grindr, but for straight people? [NSFW]"
"askreddit"	"How do you improve in your reading speed?"
"the_donald"	"Isn't Nice to Have an Alpha President who loves America back in the White House!"
"askreddit"	"What's a small thing people could do to make your job easier?"
"askreddit"	"Suppose you and your twin are super heros, except that your twin's super power is the polar opposite of yours. You've both been recruited to fight for the reddit justice league on the terms that you're partners. What would be the best/worst set of super powers you two could have?"
"the_donald"	"Keep voting pedes! Special elections are around the corner. We need to keep winning after France voted to kill themselves."
"askreddit"	"Humans encounter an alien race tomorrow. What normal human ability do the aliens see as a super power?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most regrettable sexual experience?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors- What do you make of an ex contacting you after 5 years of no contact?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Redditors in May-December romances: what is it about being with an older partner you find so appealing?"
"askreddit"	"What would be worth giving up your happiness?"
"gaming"	"When you're playing New Vegas, kill a random NPC, and suddenly fail five quests."
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor Ahok found guilty of blasphemy, jailed for two years"
"askreddit"	"If starting today procreation was impossible, what would you do with the rest of your life?"
"the_donald"	"who all here lost their real dads but have \"adopted\" trump as their new dad?"
"the_donald"	"We have the best cyber. Believe me"
"the_donald"	"Teens BEAT UP an Elderly Woman and proceed to Turn themselves into Police"
"pics"	"Spuds Mackenzie, the original party animal"
"askreddit"	"How do you deal with losing someone unexpectedly?"
"worldnews"	"Gare Du Nord evacuated as heavily-armed cops storm Paris train station in hunt for ‘three dangerous men’"
"pics"	"very nice wallpapper"
"funny"	"My new wetsuit, with all the sharks out."
"the_donald"	"DC: Ex-Marine (MUSLIM) pledged support to ISIS, wanted to “conduct a violent revolution against whites” &amp; attack police"
"askreddit"	"What makes a person look like a pushover within 5 minutes of meeting them?"
"askreddit"	"If you could chose someone to be dictator of your country, who would it be and why?"
"the_donald"	"United States' favorability ratings in counties around the world"
"gaming"	"IF I've never played Civ Before, how long would it take for me to get the hang of Civ 6?"
"askreddit"	"What's the something awesome people are missing out on by only knowing English?"
"askreddit"	"people in countries surrounding Russia, what do you think of the relationship between Russia and the USA?"
"pics"	"Have you seen this man? Wanted for questioning in mass genocide."
"askreddit"	"Parents, what odd little quirk did your child develop that you once had but there's now way he/she could have known?"
"askreddit"	"Who do you think performed your country's national anthem the best?"
"askreddit"	"Midget fetishists of Reddit, Why?"
"askreddit"	"Drunks of reddit! What are some hilarious challenges and activities to try when drunk at a party?"
"askreddit"	"What happened when you first started menstruating?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Teachers of Reddit, have you ever overheard students talking about you? How has it affected your future teachings?"
"askreddit"	"What has been your most disappointing epiphany about life?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor Ahok found guilty of blasphemy, jailed for two years - Shock sentence comes after hardline Islamist groups called for Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja Purnama to be jailed for referencing a verse from the Qur’an"
"askreddit"	"Daniel's who have married Danielle's how did you meet? Any good mishaps about the relationship?"
"the_donald"	"Friendly reminder that you can't impeach someone just because you disagree with them."
"askreddit"	"What's your weirdest/craziest bus story?"
"askreddit"	"How did you react when you first started menstruating?"
"askreddit"	"What's a good career for a single mom with limited childcare options?"
"gaming"	"Uploaded this glitch I encountered earlier today on YouTube. Hope you enjoy!"
"askreddit"	"What's your most unbelievable story?"
"pics"	"Caucasian Ovcharka"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor given 2-year prison sentence for blasphemy"
"askreddit"	"What is your current job and wage/salary?"
"askreddit"	"If you could choose an animal to be reincarnated as after you die, what would it be and why?"
"the_donald"	"Black swan political event."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you found out that an invitation for your wedding was accidentally sent out to a couple that \"play for the other team\" how would you politely disinvite them?"
"the_donald"	"Therapy Dogs, Chocolate, &amp; Play-Doh: Colleges Offer Ways To Cope With Finals - “Students were encouraged to place a marker on a large board to show their level of stress, ranked 1 to 5, before petting the animals\""
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor Ahok found guilty of blasphemy, jailed for two years"
"the_donald"	"Good night shariablue, enjoy this version of: who wore it better?"
"askreddit"	"What is unique about your country?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How do you make your money?"
"askreddit"	"How did society evolve to find skinny women more attractive?"
"the_donald"	"I don't think we'll make it to a day on the ticker for a while folks"
"pics"	"My Friend went to the Chance The Rapper Concert and got this pretty inspiring looking photo."
"the_donald"	"Capitalism Trumps Socialism"
"askreddit"	"What made you realize it's all gonna be ok?"
"askreddit"	"What's your story about the time you got arrested for marijuana?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Grandmother BEAT UP by Crazy Teenagers who then Call the Police and turn themselves in"
"askreddit"	"What moments like 'Dwight's nod at the intro' from \"The Office\" do you relate with?"
"the_donald"	"You could say they were... butchered."
"askreddit"	"What's a life without family?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good money making methods?"
"askreddit"	"What celebrity (male/female) that is considered attractive by most do you find unattractive?"
"the_donald"	"Photo proof of LePen rioters in France..."
"the_donald"	"SHARYL w/A BTFO: Therefore, did Yates or DOJ raise alarms w/Obama White House over possible Lynch/Clinton blackmail the way they did w/Trump over Flynn?"
"the_donald"	"It is a sad day when /r/Redacted wants to deport legal immigrants that question their ideology..."
"askreddit"	"What's something you saw that seemed impossible to do until you learned how it was done?"
"askreddit"	"How did you get caught smoking weed?"
"the_donald"	"I identify as a straight white male because"
"askreddit"	"What is the grossest thing that has ever touched your body?"
"gaming"	"Battlefield 3 Trailer (Mind Heist edit)"
"askreddit"	"How do you know when a girl wants to hook up with you?"
"the_donald"	"You are like a little baby, watch this. CHOMSKY WOKE"
"the_donald"	"SERIOUS QUESTION: WTF IS THE WORLD GOING TO DO WHEN THE CURRENT WHITE EUROPEANS THEMSELVES BECOME THE REFUGEES AFTER FLEEING THEIR HOMELAND IN FEAR OF BEHEADINGS, STONINGS, PUSHED OFF BUILDINGS, ETC???"
"askreddit"	"What fails in theory, but works in practice?"
"pics"	"My sister like to pose our dog Nigel in funny places. I think this one's my favourite."
"askreddit"	"What stereotype fits you? (Nerd, Jock, etc.) Why?"
"worldnews"	"Putin visits former KGB boss on eve of Victory Day"
"askreddit"	"All contact sports now require players to be covered heat-to-toe in grease. What has changed?"
"askreddit"	"Europeans: If a foreigner wanted to work there what would be a convenient profession/occupation to have? Also it is hard for psychologists / teachers?"
"askreddit"	"What is your best advice for life?"
"gaming"	"After playing Chrono Trigger for DS for years I just realized that Nadia is using fire magic, despite not knowing any fire spells."
"gaming"	"LF gaming friends[PC]"
"askreddit"	"What's something you've been putting up with but can't fucking stand anymore?"
"askreddit"	"What's something that you or your friends have done while sober that would have made more sense if you were high?"
"worldnews"	"There has been no new wave of killings prompted by the Philippines’ war on drugs, and reports to the contrary are “alternative facts”, an ally of President Rodrigo Duterte has told the UN Human Rights Council."
"pics"	"I work at Sub, and a lady I served asked to add me on FB and draw me. This is what she drew"
"askreddit"	"what are some fictional addresses from books, tv, movies, etc... that you know?"
"programming"	"Hive Pattern/Stack, a research paper and open source application stack regarding enterprise architecture needs peer review"
"the_donald"	"Another all-white, conservative, and purely all male Twitter background from Donald Trump./s"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What do you do OR what are some things that you do to help yourself to feel better when your anxiety and depression has gotten worse?"
"askreddit"	"All contact sports now require players to be covered head-to-toe in grease/lube. How has society changed?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Landlords of reddit, if you discovered after-the-fact that your new tenant is a couple that \"plays for the other team\" (I only met one) how did you go about evicting them?"
"pics"	"Worlds most photogenic squirrel"
"askreddit"	"(serious) what made you so fucked up?"
"askreddit"	"Your a troll under a bridge, what riddles do you ask those wishing to cross?"
"askreddit"	"What artist who has passed away would you bring back to life to make an album, and who would feature on the album?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who got walked in on while masturbating, what happened?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite Agatha Christie novel and why?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best thing that people are missing out on by only knowing English?"
"the_donald"	"The \"moderate\" side of Islam (doesn't exist)"
"the_donald"	"Dude, I'm not a damn racist because I don't want to become a third world hellhole."
"pics"	"The Stunning Makran Coastal Highway, Pakistan"
"pics"	"Those tabs will be gone in a day or two"
"the_donald"	"Dr. Bill Warner on \"Two Types of Sharia\"."
"askreddit"	"If you were an animal, which one would you want to be?"
"askreddit"	"What's the first song that comes to your mind when you think of Coldplay?"
"the_donald"	"Richard Meadow is unleashed tonight"
"askreddit"	"What method have you found to be the most successful for you to stop seeing dinosaurs in your day dreams?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite sports related moment/highlight?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to cure a headache?"
"askreddit"	"When you have that craving, what is your guilty pleasure food of choice?"
"the_donald"	"France: \"The Americans? We're Going to Smash Them. That's What We Came Here For.\" [Throwback]"
"askreddit"	"What has been by far the worst meme ever created ?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who are people, what do/did your parents always do that you really hate, but they don't know/care?"
"funny"	"I usually don't draw, ever. I drew this when I was high."
"funny"	"Wedding cake toppers keeping it real for 2017"
"askreddit"	"Which movie would you like to see either a reboot or a sequel of and who would you cast?"
"askreddit"	"The 90s had the Mullet. We have the Man-Bun. What was the stupid haircut of other eras?"
"funny"	"An Italian disaster in my neighbourhood today. The wails of italian nonnas were heard miles away."
"the_donald"	"French Election. A White Pill and a Glorious Pill"
"askreddit"	"Why do dumb sheeple believe in climate change?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who are people, what do/did your parents always do that you really hate, but they don't know/care?"
"the_donald"	"When you tryin to save the world from fascists but you have to be at the Recital by 5."
"the_donald"	"A Picture of Mohamed"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Muscle-bound redditors, what's your at-home routine for getting shredded?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most recent person in your life that you've come to love?"
"askreddit"	"In ten years where will you be in life?"
"the_donald"	"Julian says"
"worldnews"	"Around 400 indigenous Warao people from the Orinoco Delta in Venezuela have arrived in the Brazilian city of Manaus in the Amazon. The authorities have declared a social emergency to seek government funds to help with the influx."
"askreddit"	"How do you deal with losing someone unexpectedly? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What was your first time having sex like?"
"pics"	"Portlandia"
"funny"	"brutal honesty"
"askreddit"	"Why is there a Sex Related Thread Once a Week?"
"gaming"	"My wife isn't a gamer, but has fallen in love with Zelda:BOTW. What other games may she like?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who text while driving: what's up with that?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good money making methods for a young adult?"
"askreddit"	"Christians of Reddit, how often do you attend church? If you don't go every sunday then why not?"
"the_donald"	"I know its too late, but Trump looks badass!!!"
"askreddit"	"what is the most popular game for pc?"
"the_donald"	"Why The Hate?"
"askreddit"	"How can you grow a nice juicy ass?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Sex workers or those who offer questionable services (\"special\" massages, etc), how much do you hate it?"
"askreddit"	"What excuse will you not tolerate at an employer?"
"funny"	"A little steep, no?"
"askreddit"	"What can you make from fluff in your navel?"
"askreddit"	"Those in a long distance relationship, how did you build up trust with your significant other?"
"askreddit"	"What is the creepiest thing your pet does?"
"the_donald"	"Love all you 'pedes out there commenting on MarchAgainstTrump's top post! Take that liberals and all the bots helping it reach the top of Reddit! We r All MADAFAKAS!"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most recent person in your life that you've come to love?"
"the_donald"	"Why The Hate?"
"the_donald"	"Corporations didn't back Trump because he stands for values. When good people with good values get together and don't divorce, it hurts the corporations because now you only need 1 of their product, not 2."
"the_donald"	"MRW I check this sub every morning ready to MAGA"
"pics"	"Just got back from the grocery. Looks like I'm pulling an all nighter"
"gaming"	"Dishonored 2 Try this for a Change Baldy"
"the_donald"	"RAPEFUGEES BURN DOWN MIGRANT CAMP BUT FAKE NEWS DECIDES TO LEAVE THAT PART OUT! OLD NEWS OR NOT THIS HIGHLIGHTS THEIR AGENDA!"
"askreddit"	"Redditors- Have you ever gotten bad news whilst on drugs? How has this gone for you?"
"askreddit"	"What good warranties are most often unused?"
"worldnews"	"Outgoing Jakarta governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama was found guilty of blasphemy by a District Court on Tuesday (May 9) and sentenced to two years' in jail"
"askreddit"	"Things to consider when planning your perfect living room?"
"worldnews"	"Anonymous warns world to 'prepare' for World War 3"
"the_donald"	"Is weaponized schizophrenia Pepe's final form?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of this popular model/redditor?"
"worldnews"	"Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Monday lashed out at Israel and urged more Muslims to visit the Temple Mount, or Noble Sanctuary, site in Jerusalem"
"askreddit"	"What is the most impossible sounding task you have actually completed?"
"the_donald"	"For those who aren't reading it already, can I recommend taking a look at 'Imprimis'?"
"funny"	"What happens when you comment \"Repost\" on a repost that made it to the front page."
"worldnews"	"Trump campaign’s Russia ties: Who’s involved"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what song brings you back to the happiest time of your life?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have taken a DNA test for whatever reason - how did it change your self-perception?"
"the_donald"	"'California may end ban on communists in government jobs'...What are they talking about? Commies already work in the California government."
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time and talk to your first crush again, what would you tell them?"
"askreddit"	"Those who have taken psychedelic drugs, what was the experience like?"
"funny"	"Figured the boxes in my garage might benefit from some eyebrows and lights, was not disappointed."
"gaming"	"Custom CastleVania SNES!"
"askreddit"	"what's one time you've felt close to death without actually knowing what's heading your way? hairs on your neck stand up, if you will?"
"askreddit"	"what is the best way to bounce and start a new life in a new country in 2017?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you had a sibling just admit to you and your parents that they \"play for the other team\" what ground rules could you set for their future behavior so they could stay in the family?"
"askreddit"	"Why is Mr.Krabs daughter a whale?"
"the_donald"	"Chelsea Manning"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest snack youve eaten because there wasnt any other food in the house?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst time loss you've had from not saving in a video game?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor jailed for blasphemy"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta's Christian governor Ahok found guilty in Islam blasphemy trial"
"worldnews"	"Chinese bank 'training money' used as real Australian $100 notes in Darwin"
"the_donald"	"Jakarta governor Ahok found guilty of blasphemy, jailed for two years"
"askreddit"	"What legal thing should be illegal?"
"askreddit"	"What do you constantly worry about?"
"the_donald"	"Ayaan Hirsi Ali on the Preaching of Islam and the Left’s Alliance with Islamists (Pt. 1)"
"programming"	"Mutation Testing and Symbolic Execution (Mull/KLEE)"
"the_donald"	"FBI investigates Bernie Sanders’ wife for bank fraud ‒ report. ..........K E K"
"askreddit"	"You're as fast as Quicksilver but can't break the law, what do you do for a job?"
"askreddit"	"What's one memory you wish to erase forever?"
"askreddit"	"How do you believe Healthcare in the U.S. should be operated?"
"askreddit"	"What is your happy place and how do you get there?"
"worldnews"	"Facebook crashes on all platforms across Australia"
"pics"	"This Photo speaks for itself."
"askreddit"	"What's the quickest way to make $50,000, legal or illegal?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite free way of wishing someone happy birthday besides actually saying it?"
"askreddit"	"What little thing makes you nostalgic?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is eternal. His energy is all around us!"
"the_donald"	"Magic ICE Hat does magic. However, you might empty McDonald's. Happy Meal!"
"askreddit"	"What will be the 'NES Classic Edition' of the 2040s?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way you've heard someone respond to \"what's up?\""
"askreddit"	"What movie would be infinitely better if Chewbacca played the main character?"
"askreddit"	"What's the brokest you have ever been?"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you ever overheard?"
"the_donald"	"MFW the left thought they could kill a cartoon frog as if we'd just agree it can't be used again."
"askreddit"	"What was the worst haircut decision/barber messup in your life?"
"gaming"	"Ready for Steam! (From Samhain World)"
"worldnews"	"Syria-Russia relations reach new high as Assad urges citizens to celebrate anniversary of Soviet triumph over Nazis - As the former Soviet Union rallies today to celebrate the defeat of Nazi Germany in the Second World War, there is an unlikely newcomer to recent Victory Day celebrations: Syria."
"askreddit"	"Drive Thru workers, what is your favorite story?"
"the_donald"	"The force is strong with this one."
"funny"	"Typical Ozzy"
"the_donald"	"The most controversial rapper alive: Mint Chip has made history by being the first rapper to not attack Donald Trump."
"the_donald"	"Four More Pedophiles Charged - Some sick shit."
"gaming"	"What is your worst gaming experience from not saving, losing power, AC cord came loose, corrupted save file, etc.?"
"the_donald"	"The Hat does the magic. However, you might empty McDonald's and go hungry. Happy Meal!"
"askreddit"	"Hi Redditors,What is the most useless fact you know?"
"the_donald"	"Did Le Pen lose due to sexism?"
"the_donald"	"Jake Tapper is fill retard. Attack"
"askreddit"	"How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?"
"askreddit"	"How do orphans get the experience driving without having a parent with a car?"
"funny"	"Twitter .......Normie people Reddit???"
"pics"	"View from the penthouse I'm working in. 4.5 million dollar view."
"funny"	"Well sure bouncy ball"
"the_donald"	"Rush on Dem reaction to House Health bill: \"If you listen to the left, there is a Republican genocide underway, as though we’re all fetuses in a Planned Parenthood waiting room\""
"askreddit"	"What happened to r/circlejerk's popularity?"
"askreddit"	"Subway employees of reddit, What are some tips for the interview?"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest turn off in your SO?"
"askreddit"	"What are some things you look for on online dating profiles?"
"askreddit"	"What's a major issue (national/global) that you rarely hear people discussing?"
"gaming"	"My take on Eli's jacket."
"askreddit"	"What do chickens call other chickens that are scared?"
"pics"	"I did not expect him to actually hold it like that"
"askreddit"	"What would be the scariest video game to live in/be a character in?"
"funny"	"Finals week has students like"
"the_donald"	"2017 Be Like"
"pics"	"I always loving flying home in to Seattle and seeing this bad boy (taken with iPhone)"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is a secret that your company doesn't want its customers to know about?"
"askreddit"	"Professional writers of reddit, what are your work habits?"
"the_donald"	"Daily Dot recommends not reading any books by white males for a year"
"askreddit"	"What YouTube channel do you recommend and why?"
"pics"	"Today in VietNam"
"askreddit"	"What is the greatest album (so far) of the 2010s?"
"the_donald"	"VIDEO. THIS IS WHY WE NEED THE WALL. Mexicans Laugh At How Easy It Is To Cross The Border"
"the_donald"	"Don't you find it odd that two people were interviewed by the senate committee and yet not news at all on Reddit? It's like their narrative got BTFO or something."
"the_donald"	"4TH CIRCUIT HEARING OF TRAVEL BAN: I listened to the whole hearing today. The ACLU's case boils down to this....\"The rights of Foreigners to practice Islam trumps the National Security rights of the United States.\""
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, if you named a band, what name would it be and what type of music would you play?"
"funny"	"Marriage to any man in my family. Tantamount to living in hell on earth."
"askreddit"	"Ex religious people who have become atheist, what made you realise there is no god?"
"the_donald"	"More people like this dog gif than think the President should be impeached"
"pics"	"Moon"
"funny"	"Why I have no friends"
"the_donald"	"If you hate your job, just remember, there are adults who sit on the computer all day on social media attacking conservatives. #thanksSoros"
"askreddit"	"What's your family's dankest secret?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest reason you're not successful yet?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reedit what's the worst service you ever received at a place?"
"the_donald"	"If Flynn was the weak link and was given clearance by the Obama administration, that means Obama's admin spied on its own people"
"the_donald"	"This staunch Pepe rose above ShariaBlue downvotes to deliver them a message!"
"askreddit"	"What are the Top 5 Games of The 2000s?"
"the_donald"	"Trump signed a 'signing statement' for the budget bill he signed into law on Friday. It is his interpretation of the law and sometimes a president can loosely interpret a provision if it's not stated clearly. In other words this is a 'GO FUCK YOURSELF' to Congress."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What do people pay for but should be cheaper/free?"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) LGBT redditors who have/had crushes on a straight friend, how did you deal with it?"
"askreddit"	"What is the longest you have ever gone without looking at your phone and why?"
"gaming"	"C-3PO That Plays 360 Games!"
"worldnews"	"‘718 days in space’: Secretive US X-37B plane said to break record as it lands in Florida"
"worldnews"	"North Korea could be planning an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) strike on the US with two satellites already orbiting above the Earth, an expert has claimed. Dr Peter Vincent Pry claims that Pyongyang may be secretly developing the ability to detonate a high-altitude nuclear weapon in space"
"the_donald"	"Muslim Police Force in action. It's on our soil. Our British friend reports this. Where's US Fake media?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you saw that you shouldn't have?"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest paradox?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worse piece of advice you were ever given?"
"funny"	"Thanks for the visit Seattle WA!!"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if your life suddenly became a Criminal Minds episode?"
"the_donald"	"Don't fall for the disinformation."
"the_donald"	"We will never forget"
"askreddit"	"Lefties of Reddit- What advantages or disadvantages have you experienced during your life as a Southpaw?"
"the_donald"	"Shower thought: How can Pepe the Frog be created by a cuck if he has always existed?"
"the_donald"	"Just picture of a lying perjuror who reluctantly admitted he personally unmasked at least one Trump campaign associate--under oath."
"askreddit"	"What is it called when you make an image from its word?"
"the_donald"	"It's France's loss. We're still with her."
"the_donald"	"Disinformation cuck."
"the_donald"	"Most muslims vote for the Left - True. Most terrorists are muslims - True (There is more reason to associate terrorism and terrorist with the Left and say Nazis with the Right, terrorist actually kill people than the one single Nazi shill on CNN)"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing you've experienced at a gun range?"
"the_donald"	"[META] Why are people silent on the real issue of Islam and rape?"
"askreddit"	"whats the most traumatic experience you've ever had?"
"askreddit"	"What is one of the most embarrassing things you have done or that has happened to you at work?"
"worldnews"	"8 Hrs after delivering my baby I Was kicked, groped, molested by security forces in my house - Bastar Rape Victim"
"the_donald"	"Most muslims vote for the Left - True. Most terrorists are muslims - True (There is more reason to associate terrorism and terrorist with the Left and say Nazis with the Right, terrorist actually kill people than the one single Nazi shill on CNN) - Terrorists/Jihadis = Leftwingers."
"the_donald"	"RIP Pepe you will live on in our hearts"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS: ____ armed Islamic terrorists have attacked ______________ in France. The Muslim men drove a _________ and killed people with ________. The terrorists were on a watch list. President Macron will light a candle."
"askreddit"	"People abducted by aliens, what's your story?"
"the_donald"	"From Russia with Love: A Michael Flynn Story"
"the_donald"	"Banned from March for posting a guide to filter Anti-Trump sub-reddits. Tilted admins confirmed"
"askreddit"	"What's the greatest practical joke you've ever seen?"
"funny"	"What's next? Free food until purchase?"
"funny"	"Oh, she is ded"
"askreddit"	"What positive moment in your life has brought tears to your eyes?"
"the_donald"	"Where's the video?"
"askreddit"	"When and why did you make yourself laugh the most?"
"askreddit"	"What was the most awesome thing you ever witnessed at a wedding?"
"askreddit"	"What would be some click-bait article titles from the year 1517?"
"askreddit"	"What book, movie or show seriously impacted your life and why?"
"funny"	"Physics Textbook Has Had Enough."
"worldnews"	"Israeli police kill 16-year old Palestinian girl in Jerusalem"
"the_donald"	"A rare photo of the elusive Crap Weasel in the wild, searching aimlessly for the mysterious \"intent to commit a crime,\" when it's right in front of his face."
"askreddit"	"What's a show that ends up being good, but you would never know based on the pilot?"
"askreddit"	"Do you think Donald Trump is an alien who was sent to Earth \"just to see what would happen\"?"
"askreddit"	"Why can't my dogs just pee on the part of my lawn that's already dead?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of your weirdest opinions or views or tastes on any major or minor things?"
"worldnews"	"Underage sex now ‘normal part of growing up’ in Britain"
"funny"	"This kid at the grocery store"
"the_donald"	"Based black man. 🐸"
"askreddit"	"What relationship did you maintain for way too long and why did you maintain it?"
"askreddit"	"Men who cant get an erection with a girl they like lolololol sry. Wtf is wrong with you?"
"the_donald"	"ISLAM STRIKES AGAIN!! This is Ahok. He is the governor of Indonesia's capital Jakarta. He stood up against Muslim radicals in Indonesia and now he didn't get reelected and he's going to jail. SHOW YOUR SUPPORT PEDES!! FUCK THOSE ISLAMIST CUCKS!!"
"the_donald"	"Don't you DARE try to tell us there is no media bias...Back up shills"
"the_donald"	"Martyrdom FAIL Puts Perma-Triggered Brit Snowflake in Jail: Claims \"Voices\" Told Him To Kill Trump"
"the_donald"	"I love how triggered subreddits such as marchagainst trump get triggered badly! The Trump derangement will soon be considered a pre-existing condition!"
"the_donald"	"' What Trump Needs To Do '"
"the_donald"	"Italian TV reporter rescued by taxi driver after getting attacked by refugees in Rome"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite fun fact?"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban"
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest thing you have ever experienced in a movie theatre?"
"the_donald"	"100+ days in! Taxes cut, jobs saved/created​ and my healthcare premiums/deductables will be reasonable again. This jam sums it for me. MAGA!!"
"funny"	"So yea. I'm in my 40's. I've never heard about motor boating until last month. Apparently even my iRobot even knows what motor boating is. How sad."
"pics"	"Something touched my foot!!"
"funny"	"For this year's Korean elections, this is what SBS came up with."
"the_donald"	"Test Trumpost, Please Ignore"
"worldnews"	"China publishes more science research with faulty peer-review than everyone else put together"
"the_donald"	"Onlinemagazin on Twitter: France: How could Macron win the election? Example: Man in Blanc Mesnil takes all LePen ballots &amp; throws on the street."
"the_donald"	"President Trump: Cancel Your Saudi Trip, Play More Golf"
"the_donald"	"What's Jack Posobiec mean by this?"
"the_donald"	"Very rare beef pepe circa Nov 11th, 2016"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, who got several golds, what exactly other features enabled after you received gold?"
"askreddit"	"The Devil makes you an offer: You can have an unlimited amount of wishes, and can wish for anything, but every wish costs a random human their life, and you have to watch them die in front of you. Do you accept? If so, how many wishes do you use?"
"funny"	"Tobacco"
"the_donald"	"\"Spying Keeps Us Safe?\" - Tucker Carlson Debates Former NSA Lawyer"
"funny"	"CRAZY MONKEY YEET"
"the_donald"	"Just got handed a major scoop. Can't let it out yet, but when it drops - its going to be huge."
"askreddit"	"How do you \"Treat Yo'self\"?"
"askreddit"	"Why are people so sure OJ Simpson was guilty?"
"askreddit"	"Atheists of reddit, while others see a nice afterlife as an endgoal, what do you want to do to consider your life worth living?"
"askreddit"	"What new trend are you completely over with?"
"funny"	"New Clear ad. Feeling dirty? Take a shower"
"funny"	"Brad Neely knows something about foreplay"
"gaming"	"How you know some shit's about to go down"
"pics"	"If a picture paints a thousand words ... this is it."
"gaming"	"No More Fan Wars/ Fanboys, Let's all be friends?!"
"the_donald"	"Twitter is censoring hastag #Pepe."
"askreddit"	"What obsession fills hole in your life currently?"
"askreddit"	"What is the creepiest thing you've ever experienced or seen?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Girls who post on r/gonewild, why you do what you do and how does that make you feel? Have you had anyone recognizing you from your posts?"
"the_donald"	"The Hill on Twitter: Bill Clinton to write political thriller called \"The President Is Missing\" - I think we can come up with a better title, can't we Pedes"
"the_donald"	"In a stupid moment I watched CNN - what happened with Cruz and Yates they are suggesting she\"handled him\" ?"
"pics"	"Motherboard Stairwell"
"askreddit"	"If you decided to quit the internet today, what would be the last few things you'd want to do before you left?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who encountered a situation at work \"above your pay grade\", what happened?"
"the_donald"	"Liberals have lost it they are now accusing the admins of working with us for refusing to ban our sub."
"askreddit"	"What is the best and also most important aspect of having the internet?"
"funny"	"r/sonjokes"
"gaming"	"Black Ops 3 DLC 5 confirmed!"
"askreddit"	"Why choose Ceedevee Home Builders to build the house of your dreams?"
"the_donald"	"Hours since last Muslim terrorist attack"
"askreddit"	"Why don't some people grow out of their self-righteous intellectual phase, typical among adolescents?"
"the_donald"	"Why aren't I 50 nominations ahead in being selected to The Supreme Court, you might ask?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Stoners of Reddit, if you were high on 9/11, how did that impact your reaction to the news?"
"funny"	"Mayo crazy"
"pics"	"Somewhere in London"
"askreddit"	"What's the most sexual thing you've ever don't at work (alone or with someone)?"
"askreddit"	"What's the strangest thing someone has ever come across in the lost-and-found at your workplace?"
"the_donald"	"Apparently its Ok for Hillary to share Classified Information to the World"
"the_donald"	"Just passing through. Stay mad, libtards!"
"askreddit"	"How are you? [Serious]"
"the_donald"	"We're starting to take them too lightly. They're becoming more organized, funded, aggressive in their tactics. It's been fun and games mocking them, but it's time we end this alternate world they're living in, and bring them back to this round earth before major blood is shed."
"the_donald"	"Hillary has got no choice whether to run or not in 2020. She has too! PAY TO FUCKING PLAY, FOLKS. CLINTON FOUNDATION DONERS EXPECTED A RETURN ON THERE \"CAN'T MISS\" INVESTMENT. 'MEMBER $20M BY SAUDI ARABIA?"
"the_donald"	"Jakarta's Christian governor jailed for two years for blasphemy"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite quirk/imperfection about your SO?"
"the_donald"	"one of those \"other\" /r/'s has so much support.. oh wait farm the top one and let the rest display your real numbers TOP KEK"
"the_donald"	"Pepe will always be cool here"
"the_donald"	"\"Only Rosie O'Donnell.\" - The line that (I believe) won him the presidency."
"gaming"	"Scent of a Woman (GTAV)"
"the_donald"	"In light of Harvard's recent decisions I was reminded of this"
"pics"	"Here is a friend walking to greet the apparently very popular King Arthur."
"gaming"	"Does anyone catch the reference?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst family meal you have eaten?"
"funny"	"Chinese can sleep anywhere"
"funny"	"NOBODY LIKES SHOPKINS OR HATCHIMALS"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if someone in your family weighed over 600 lbs and was housebound?"
"the_donald"	"Blacks are self-Segregating at Univ's across the US ~ but 'white people are racist!!' ~ what planet did I land on?"
"pics"	"The Land Before Time"
"pics"	"Something is broken in Arizona."
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite family recipe?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Parents of reddit, what type of kids are ok for your son to bully at school?"
"funny"	"The perfect snack after watching GotG2"
"pics"	"Ultimate thumb wrestle"
"askreddit"	"If you were all-powerful, what would you do?"
"the_donald"	"Top Kek"
"the_donald"	"@RobBonta wants to lift restriction on Communists holding office days after Communists call for revolution at @UCBerkeley"
"the_donald"	"Seriously, where the FUCK AM I? Maxine WATERS getting applause at the MTV awards??? I'm a Gen-Xer... if she showed up on an award show, we would have whipped our flannels at the TV, and laughed our disenfranchised, slacker asses off. What the FUCK s going on??"
"askreddit"	"Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?"
"askreddit"	"What are some moderately sized communities (ex. YuGiOh, MtG, Maplestory, DnD)?"
"gaming"	"Is this just because it's not actually released yet? If not, f**k you, Microsoft."
"askreddit"	"Would you prefer to sit on the front or back seat of a tandem bike and why?"
"funny"	"OJ Did 9/11"
"askreddit"	"Why are people so against pineapples on pizza?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most important websites on the internet?"
"funny"	"We have one \"normal\" cat and one thats... not"
"the_donald"	"Guys I really think its about time to take an honest look on Trump, evaluate things here on r/the_Donald , and admit/come to terms with how some unfortunate things have unfolded so far..."
"the_donald"	"\"Who appointed you to the Supreme Court?\" Senator Kennedy's response to Sally Yates personal opinion on the temporary travel ban."
"askreddit"	"What mailing lists are most important to be subscribed to?"
"gaming"	"Parallel Parking at its finest"
"askreddit"	"What does SO mean?"
"the_donald"	"Looking at the MarchAgainstTrump sub count from T_D"
"askreddit"	"What's the most sexual thing you've ever done at work (alone or with someone)?"
"pics"	"The moon looms large this evening"
"askreddit"	"If you were give the ability to read 3 books as well as retain and fully understand them, which would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"The entire population is hiding something from you, and only you. What would scare you the most?"
"askreddit"	"How did you propose to your wife/fiancé?"
"funny"	"Telling it like it is..."
"gaming"	"Worst Dogs in Gaming"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what cautionary tale can you share to better humanity?"
"worldnews"	"IMF says Asia facing risks from rise in protectionism"
"askreddit"	"If you woke up and found out that you're alone in the world for 24 hours, what would you do?"
"the_donald"	"Why the left is dangerous: They imagine trump supporters as Nazis when that's a fabrication of their own mind. However they are LITERALLY COMMUNISTS and they embrace it. They are dehumanizing those they disagree with, to make them less than human, and viable to get killed.. just like the Nazis.."
"askreddit"	"The Devil makes you an offer: You can have an unlimited amount of wishes, and can wish for anything except changing the rules or undoing the effects of your wishes. Every wish costs one random person their life, and you have to watch them die. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"What's a common/redeeming trait that you will never understand?"
"askreddit"	"You're a genie. The person that you will grant 3 wishes wishes for the same 3 things you would. How do you misinterpret their wishes to screw them over?"
"askreddit"	"Why are people so sure that OJ Simpson was guilty of murdering his wife Nicole?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best new curse word that you can think of?"
"askreddit"	"What unsettling realization have you come to since the start of the year?"
"askreddit"	"Men how do much do you enjoy casual sex from a random woman off the streets?"
"the_donald"	"Intent"
"pics"	"Sometimes the zoo sets up for great shots"
"gaming"	"For honor pls"
"askreddit"	"What plothole made the movie better?"
"askreddit"	"Which song or track survived the longest as your morning alarm, before you began to hate it?"
"the_donald"	"\"Sorry for your fee fees\" INFOWARS.COM"
"funny"	"christian necklaces"
"funny"	"Unlimited gotten a lot smaller since I checked"
"gaming"	"Poke E Man"
"the_donald"	"CUCK STICKS OR FATWA FRIES?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most interesting/weird fact that you know?"
"askreddit"	"What gives you the strenght to move forward?"
"gaming"	"Xbox 360 R2-D2!"
"the_donald"	"Man in armor ( The Cucked Knight) starts a brawl at the battle of New Orleans."
"the_donald"	"\"What the HELL is THAT!\" - Tucker Carlson Slams Liberal for Playing Race Card on Obamacare"
"pics"	"But why?"
"askreddit"	"What was your first game console?"
"funny"	"I caught this guy peeing in my yard this morning"
"the_donald"	"I knew it! Trump is hunting down Mexicans! They are literally ripping apart the families of MS-13 members!"
"askreddit"	"What would be the perfect relationship (romantic)?"
"askreddit"	"Formerly obese people who are now very fit, what's your advice for individuals trying to lose weight and gain muscle quickly?"
"the_donald"	"Wow! Sharia Compliant Shampoo Commercial in Malaysia Shows Woman Scrubbing Her Hijab (VIDEO)"
"the_donald"	"I'm a Proud Kafir. Join me."
"the_donald"	"Also, grass is green"
"askreddit"	"What accent can a woman have (either from your own country or another) that makes her seem attractive?"
"the_donald"	"#BlackPrivilege"
"askreddit"	"What is the best comment that has ever been buried in a thread?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor sentenced to 2 years prison for blasphemy"
"the_donald"	"Coca-Cola's just asking to be trolled"
"worldnews"	"Trump’s Visit to Saudi Arabia Will Cost Them $68 Million"
"funny"	"Ayy lmao"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors, if you know any subtly awkward person that you try to avoid, explain how they behave and how that make you feel?"
"funny"	"Google your name with the words \"glamour shot\" and become blessed with a plethora of beauty"
"the_donald"	"Enforcing the law causes Bay Area companies to pay their employees not to work and to march for more illegals... damn, they must be making a killing on those slaves they hire to waste all that money on not working!"
"askreddit"	"What is the most innocent picture you can find with the dirtiest sounding description?"
"the_donald"	"He is risen!"
"the_donald"	"If white milk is racist,, what about Brownies?"
"the_donald"	"Don't Cry 🐸"
"askreddit"	"Why did you run away from home?"
"askreddit"	"What is the craziest dare you have ever done?"
"the_donald"	"*** NOT BRINGING THEIR BEST *** Video shows Palestinian hunger-strike leader Barghouti sneaking food..."
"pics"	"Asked my friend to travel to Zimbabwe with me to alleviate poverty. He didn't know he'd be making reusable menstrual pads"
"askreddit"	"What is the most disappointing movie you've ever seen?"
"askreddit"	"What knockoff products are better than the brand name?"
"askreddit"	"What moment did you realize that you sounded like your parent?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way of creating inconvenience without being detected?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you feel uncomfortable around people?"
"the_donald"	"TRIPPED OVER A CENTIPEDE"
"pics"	"My dog lays his head one way and feet the other"
"askreddit"	"What is a common sign of grief?"
"askreddit"	"Why does music play when someone hangs up the phone in certain areas?"
"funny"	"Nothing sense we're makes when apart"
"funny"	"What happens when you cross the sport of skiing with the epicenes of freestyle dance"
"askreddit"	"If you could read 3 books and fully retain and understand them, which ones would you choose?"
"the_donald"	"Some things never change..."
"the_donald"	"Righteous Indignation by Andrew Breitbart Enhanced Thought Loop"
"askreddit"	"Whatever happened to the Panama Papers revelations?"
"funny"	"My GF everytime (OC)"
"funny"	"Am i right?"
"askreddit"	"What is the one TV theme song that you never get tired of hearing?"
"the_donald"	"You see this, Liberals? You made this happen. You made yourself look so absolutely crazy, that this became preferable to your insanity."
"askreddit"	"Barbers of Reddit, how would you feel if your customer ask you to have their hair done the same as the one that you're currently having?"
"askreddit"	"Does \"Upvote this so when you google this they see this\" ever work?"
"gaming"	"Have you ever broken video games or their accessories in a fit of rage from playing them?"
"gaming"	"Halo 3?"
"the_donald"	"The arrogant, elitist, social marxist millennials and every other like minded leftist are the best thing to happen to the Republican party and conservatives since Reagan."
"the_donald"	"Italian news anchor does report on migrants sleeping rough and then..."
"askreddit"	"How did you get out of your emotionally abusive and all around unhealthy marriage to a manipulative sociopath?"
"the_donald"	"Never lose Faith Centipedes."
"askreddit"	"What gross thing do you do in private?"
"askreddit"	"what foods do we eat that prepared incorrectly would kill people. (besides pufferfish and a diet only of incorrectly grown corn)?"
"funny"	"\"Note to Self:\""
"gaming"	"Khajit is innocent"
"the_donald"	"GLOBAL WARMING IS A CUNT - Snowing in So. Cal. in May..."
"the_donald"	"Foreign Lol-icy: CNN/NYT/WASHPO exposed!"
"askreddit"	"Why is having access to the internet important for society?"
"askreddit"	"What made you the angriest you've ever been?"
"pics"	"Meanwhile somewhere in Budapest"
"askreddit"	"How far is to far when it comes to PDA?"
"funny"	"POWERS ACTIVATED CHOW CHOP"
"gaming"	"What are some worthwhile games to play on playstation now?"
"the_donald"	"If Pepe was born in 2005, then we are living in 12 A.P."
"pics"	"Spot the difference"
"askreddit"	"What animal are you convinced crawled straight out of hell?"
"the_donald"	"Such Charged and Triggered Language"
"the_donald"	"Italian news anchor does report on migrants sleeping rough and then they attack her on TV"
"askreddit"	"What brought you to reddit?"
"the_donald"	"A moment of respect for this REAL scientist"
"funny"	"Museum visit the weekend before finals week"
"askreddit"	"What is the creepiest date you have ever been on?"
"askreddit"	"Why do they test human drugs on mice instead of clown fish?"
"askreddit"	"What websites and sources do you get your information from?"
"funny"	"How dare you"
"the_donald"	"Shadilayvis dead..."
"the_donald"	"CIVIL RIGHTS TROLL MAKES MILLIONS SUING CITIES IN CALIFORNIA ON BOGUS RACISM CHARGES!"
"askreddit"	"What is it about Reddit that's so addictive?"
"the_donald"	"A friendly voice, a look: The Importance of One's Culture"
"askreddit"	"What dream have you had that could be made into an awesome movie?"
"askreddit"	"What was your grad quote ?"
"askreddit"	"Bernie supporters, how do you feel now that his wife is under FBI investigation for bank fraud?"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst wedding you have ever attended?"
"funny"	"New Clear ad. Feeling dirty? Take a shower"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite The Lonely Island song?"
"the_donald"	"\"Obama's Formative Years EXPOSED\" - Tucker Carlson Interviews Author of New Obama Biography"
"askreddit"	"What band or song has affected you the most? Why?"
"askreddit"	"If you were homeless and performed a special street talent to earn money, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What are your thoughts on wearing a scarf with a blazer for an interview?"
"worldnews"	"What is Trump's plan in Syria? - BBC News"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) Reddit, what is our purpose in this life? Are we just meant to procreate, raise our offspring, and then die?"
"funny"	"So I tried to be nice to the God damned cat and ended up Peter Northing the poor little guy :("
"askreddit"	"Why do animals like being pat so much?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Working on a wooden distribution pole, why use a pole strap and not a positioning lanyard?"
"pics"	"Third Generation Jet Fighters (Now With Videos)."
"askreddit"	"What are the main sources of your knowledge (i.e. google, wikipedia, books)?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think, can a chartered accountant become a billionaire?"
"funny"	"Steve Jobs after 1 year in Russia"
"the_donald"	"Why aren't I 50 appointments ahead to The Supreme Court, you might ask."
"askreddit"	"In what position do you sleep?"
"askreddit"	"What coincidence has happened to you that you still can't believe it's true?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor sentenced to two years prison for blasphemy"
"pics"	"Reddit, please share and help! This would be awesome to solve!"
"askreddit"	"People who speak two languages, what language do you think in?"
"askreddit"	"People who make fake accounts on tinder/bumble/Facebook whatever, what's the point?"
"funny"	"You had one job"
"funny"	"I wonder what goes on here."
"funny"	"O yaaaaa. Wait wrong subedit?"
"askreddit"	"Which country has the best flag in terms of colours, design and symbols?"
"askreddit"	"What is your opinion of the app Duolingo?"
"askreddit"	"What do Conservatives and Liberals agree upon?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Millennials that make six figures like myself, what piece of advice would you give to other millennials that aren't doing so hot?"
"askreddit"	"If you woke up the next day and were the only person in sight, what would you do?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the most hilarious thing if correlation did imply causation?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite movie quote?"
"askreddit"	"What technological advancement stands out the most in your memory from your generation?"
"programming"	"Merging Maps - language comparison"
"the_donald"	"Republican Candidate for Governor in Pennsylvania catches George Soros spy at private event and confiscates the camera"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what minor ailments, injuries, trauma, slights are you suffering from?"
"pics"	"Never noticed this at school, until I looked straight up."
"pics"	"Decisions, decisions. A dog or otter cleansing face mask."
"askreddit"	"Will you buy contacts that can record everything you see effortlessly? How will you use the footage?"
"the_donald"	"LEGALIZE CANNABIS AND INDUSTRIAL HEMP. WE ALL KNOW ALCOHOL IS NO BETTER. NO STEP ON SNEK."
"the_donald"	"\"White House Proposes Cutting Drug Control Office Funding by 95%\" WHY AREN'T WE TALKING ABOUT THIS? YES, IT'S THE FAILING NYT, BUT THIS IS YUUUUGE, ESP. FOR CONFUSED RON PAUL LIBER[TARIAN]ALS."
"the_donald"	"TRUMP PLAYING 7D CHESS BACK IN 2013!! HIGH ENERGY MAGA"
"funny"	"My favorite web comic, pbfcomics"
"askreddit"	"Wedding guests of Reddit, what was the best speech you have heard? What made it so memorable?"
"the_donald"	"Flashback: Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel The Red Footsoldier"
"askreddit"	"What is a question you wouldn't know how to answer, without a given context?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most universally usable GIF known to Reddit?"
"gaming"	"New Youtuber, Gaming Memes, Please leave constructive feeback"
"the_donald"	"TIL: I can't believe I only learned about Dr. Bill Warner today..."
"pics"	"Camden market"
"the_donald"	"Liberals will never see this video because Sp*z has turned reddit into two echo chambers. He has got to go. I miss the old video subreddit when it was a mix of all video types."
"the_donald"	"Lets give a shout-out to our oldest living veteran, Mr. Overton"
"funny"	"Genuine Effort and Positive Thinking"
"pics"	"The beautiful and mysterious, Fern Canyon."
"askreddit"	"Anybody know any somewhat unknown cool things to do in Southern California?"
"askreddit"	"What are the most common once in a lifetime opportunities that people experience and how can we be prepared to take advantage of it?"
"the_donald"	"Was The French Election Stolen? Or Do They Just Love Being Cucks?"
"askreddit"	"The last time you were too nervous to eat or sleep, what was the reason?"
"pics"	"Diving"
"askreddit"	"Teachers of Reddit who had their children attend the school you taught at, what was it like?"
"the_donald"	".@AlexBWall- between us, you dropped the ball. Either you, or one of your 30+ social media staffers. FB LIVE is FRE… https://t.co/RBIfW2mYvo"
"askreddit"	"How do you get the gold star on reddit posts and what does it do?"
"askreddit"	"What does friendship mean to you?"
"pics"	"Friendly reminder found in the ashtray of my car"
"the_donald"	"Nearly 900 pedophiles arrested, 300 children rescued from online pedophile network “Playpen”"
"askreddit"	"Who here has even eaten in a restaurant as it was being featured on Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares?"
"askreddit"	"What is most annoying place u think??"
"funny"	"monkE slaPP"
"the_donald"	"The perpetual creation of all these Anti-Trump subreddits is starting to give off that obsessed ex-girlfriend vibe..."
"askreddit"	"What is in your collection that no one would believe you without pictures to prove it?"
"askreddit"	"Guys who pretend to be girls online, why?(Serious)"
"the_donald"	"Ivanka Trump plays ball in bell-bottoms with dad in a vintage snap"
"the_donald"	"The Regressive Left, folks... (－‸ლ)"
"gaming"	"Help me find my childhood gameboy game"
"askreddit"	"If the same sport players where to fight each other, (LeBron vs. James harden), who would prevail?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you hate the food your country is renowned for (and what is it)?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst sitcom on television today?"
"the_donald"	"Hey guys check out this new disabled washroom. So nice of them to include the mentally disabled too 😊"
"the_donald"	"Apparently we're advocating terrorists attacks?"
"funny"	"My buddy doesn't see it coming..."
"funny"	"FaceApp is sooooo good. 😐"
"the_donald"	"What most people eat in communist countries. Tell me again why capitalism is bad?"
"gaming"	"When the Aussie ratings board think about their decisions..."
"askreddit"	"What do you regret doing sexually? NSFW"
"askreddit"	"People with ADHD how do you cope?"
"askreddit"	"What word do you intentionally mispronounce?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst Freudian slip you've ever made?"
"gaming"	"What's your favorite zelda game?"
"askreddit"	"What celebrity is overexposed?"
"askreddit"	"Who will always be your favorite Sports Athlete of all-time?"
"askreddit"	"When's the last time a professor/teacher really fucked you over?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that has a perfect name for what it is?"
"the_donald"	"#TWILIGHTZONE Top reply to Trump's tweet is NOT an anti-Trump paid Troll..... Soros/Brock gave the day off??? #confused"
"askreddit"	"What are some movies you think are underrated and why?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What type of things (e.g. race, sexuality, income) make a potential friendship and immediate \"no go\" for you?"
"the_donald"	"Hey French Cucks. Miss Me Yet?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that has a perfect name for what it is?"
"askreddit"	"I get frisson (chills listening to music) a lot. What songs do the same for you?"
"askreddit"	"What's Your Favorite Thing To Put On French Fries?"
"askreddit"	"Sex addicts of Reddit. Why should someone give up their virginity?"
"worldnews"	"North Korea's detention of U.S. citizen 'concerning': White House"
"funny"	"Help my cat is retarded"
"askreddit"	"Why are you not together with the love of your life?"
"gaming"	"Is it just me or was fallout 4 way too watered down?"
"the_donald"	"California may end ban on communists in government jobs"
"funny"	"Six years ago, USA Today gave the world this graphic."
"worldnews"	"Trump advisers had ‘sensitive’ contacts with Russian agents for months, Clapper testifies"
"askreddit"	"What's about life after death?"
"askreddit"	"Will 200 push-ups every other day build up some serious muscle ? Why or why not ?"
"askreddit"	"People who have been on some kind of candid camera reality TV show, like Impractical Jokers or The Carbonaro Effect, what was it like?"
"askreddit"	"Voters of Reddit, who did you vote for in a presidential election?"
"the_donald"	"MASK OFF"
"askreddit"	"What is your must have, fun App to have on your phone?"
"worldnews"	"One For The Bloopers: Emmanuel Macron Practises Victory Speech. On Air."
"the_donald"	"FIGHTING IN MOSUL: News Team Filming As Suicide Bomber Detonates 5 Meters Away"
"funny"	"I take great pleasure knowing my brother will probably accept this challenge."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what do you put in your coffee at home?"
"funny"	"What my dog looks like whenever I vacuum."
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite .gif that you've never had a chance to use before?"
"the_donald"	"The Gulag Archipelago in three volumes : Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn (because of the CA vote on Commies getting government jobs)"
"the_donald"	"What the cucks will never understand is that this sub ain't about hate, it's simply about MAGA"
"askreddit"	"Anybody here been on the TV show Four Weddings? How was it if so?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People who have committed crimes on others (such as theft, assault or vandalism), what did you do and why?"
"worldnews"	"British autistic man speaks about trying to shoot Trump"
"gaming"	"Video Game Streaming Flipped"
"the_donald"	"Literally just a picture of the worst President in United States history."
"askreddit"	"Everyone in the world's about to die. You can either choose to save everyone you know, or everyone you don't know. What do you do?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Have You experienced racism in Hong Kong? What's Your story?"
"askreddit"	"what is most famous movie 2017?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you found out that your neighbor in the apartment next to you was a beard and having large disgusting guys over constantly what could you do to get him evicted?"
"funny"	"I need you for my dank army."
"pics"	"SUA-Centre-Series"
"pics"	"The current fever-dream of ISPs in the United States"
"the_donald"	"Trump bought a sports team back in the day."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why are left wing SJWS just so reactionary to the right wing without any logic/objectivity?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about ad agency bangalore?"
"worldnews"	"Indian woman married to a Pakistani man on gun point, demands security"
"the_donald"	"The new Pepe theme is very triggering. Pepe is the stuff of nightmares."
"askreddit"	"TIL mildlyinteresting DIY showerthoughts , how bout you?"
"askreddit"	"What made you leave Facebook or any other social media websites?"
"gaming"	"What are some free, low spec games to play with an xbox 360 controller?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the good moments of family guy?"
"askreddit"	"What song do you want to have sex to? Why?"
"funny"	"Got Stuck in"
"gaming"	"I didn't even know these could crash."
"worldnews"	"Trump reportedly open to meeting Kim Jong Un in U.S. if North Korea abandons nuclear weapons program"
"askreddit"	"Why or why not do you think Toby Flenderson is the Scranton Strangler?"
"askreddit"	"How do you calm yourself down when you are angry?"
"askreddit"	"How come there is not more focus in exploring the ocean as there is space?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you know now that you wish you would have known when you were 18?"
"pics"	"For sale"
"askreddit"	"How do you know when it's time to finally make that move on your love/crush?"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest bullet you have dodged?"
"worldnews"	"Trump White House knew Michael Flynn was possible Russian blackmail target for 18 days before firing him, Sally Yates tells Senate committee"
"the_donald"	"Dhimmi Carter Voted for Bernie Sanders in 2016 Democrat Primary"
"askreddit"	"What was your \"fifteen minutes of fame\" moment?"
"the_donald"	"Just a reminder, we love people of all backgrounds and respect them."
"the_donald"	"Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster (trailer)"
"pics"	"All hail President Abstain"
"askreddit"	"Government Blue-collars of Reddit, how do you feel about all the jokes made about you guys?"
"funny"	"Duck is forcing himself on a lovely lady chicken. Rooster goes into Ninja attack mode."
"the_donald"	"Won't have problems with ISIS if everyone in your country is ISIS."
"the_donald"	"Hey Pepe, how does it feel to be 12 years old?"
"the_donald"	"Wow I can't believe she really tweeted this!"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who watch lots of tv shows, what do like about them?"
"worldnews"	"Full tilt: giant offshore wind farm opens in North Sea - Gemini windpark off the coast of the Netherlands will eventually meet the energy needs of about 1.5 million people, according to its owners"
"gaming"	"Does anyone know what would happen to online multiplayer if, hypothetically, the Restoring Internet Freedom Act passes?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] If you found out that your neighbor in the apartment next to you was a bear and having large disgusting guys over constantly what could you do to get him evicted?"
"askreddit"	"Every world leader now has a theme music which plays whenever they enter the room. What themes do they have?"
"askreddit"	"What do you legitimately see yourself doing once retired, if you've done moderately well for yourself financially?"
"askreddit"	"At what age is it weird to be a virgin?"
"worldnews"	"Chinese state media rejoices as Taiwan is snubbed by UN’s World Health Assembly"
"askreddit"	"Girls, what is something guys should stop doing when they're trying for you?"
"askreddit"	"What was your worst college academic experience?"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest movie you are a fan of?"
"funny"	"Marvel's Tom Holland (Spidey) has some serious moves!"
"askreddit"	"What songs would all the 90s babies feel important to include in a lesson for someone in need of a complete cultural infusion of 1990s and 2000s music?"
"pics"	"Went for a walk in my neighborhood yesterday got this picture."
"askreddit"	"Which design flaws have you learned to love?"
"askreddit"	"What games don't respawn enemies?"
"askreddit"	"If we got the notice \"REDDIT TO SHUT DOWN IN 30 DAYS,\" how would you prepare for our end-times?"
"the_donald"	"THIS PLACE IS A CULT"
"askreddit"	"what do you do when you are very sad??"
"the_donald"	"\"You Can't Scare People into Losing Weight!\" - Tucker Carlson Vs. Anti-Body-Shaming Activist"
"askreddit"	"If a third world war happened but didn't end in a nuclear apocalypse, what do you think the death toll would be? Would it make it to a billion?"
"askreddit"	"What can you not unhear after it has been pointed out?"
"the_donald"	"ICE Seeks To Deport Soccer Coach Accused Of Sexually Assaulting 7-Year Old Girl"
"the_donald"	"We are being down voted in to oblivion folks, you know what to do!"
"the_donald"	"Have you ever noticed that \"diversity\" is codeword for \"no white people\"?"
"the_donald"	"How did Sally Yates know about Flynn?"
"funny"	"Someone just got Shrek'd."
"askreddit"	"What does your employer not know that you know?"
"worldnews"	"Philippines senator tells UN reports of drug war killings are 'alternative facts'"
"gaming"	"Unreal Engine 4 Archiviz - Lighting, Head bobbing, Physics"
"askreddit"	"What are the most popular shapes, colors or models of glasses for man who have problem with eyes?"
"the_donald"	"Based Buffett"
"the_donald"	"Spotted! Hungry Liberals getting ready to feast on fake scientist Bill Nye the Lyin' Guy over ineffective global warming propaganda! I guess they're out of tendies."
"askreddit"	"What is a political/moral/ethical viewpoint that you have that most people who know you would be surprised to find out?"
"gaming"	"To Infinity, and Beyond!"
"askreddit"	"Reddit: Which little thing turns you on?"
"gaming"	"Prey's jump scares are real as the Elder Scrolls Anthology turns out to be a mimic"
"askreddit"	"Your last text/Snapchat is engraved on your tombstone. How will you be remembered?"
"pics"	"A rarely seen view of the Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco, Ca"
"worldnews"	"‘Criminal negligence’: Relatives of Palestinian toddler burned alive by Jewish extremists sue Israel"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless Lord of the Rings fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"Why are people so jaded by marriage now? Would you recommend it or avoid it at all cost?"
"askreddit"	"What is one band or musician you would never see live even if you were given free tickets to their concert?"
"askreddit"	"Are you the type who enjoys saying \"I told you so!!\"? When was the last time you said it?"
"gaming"	"Rhythm gamers, how was it learning a game?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the most respected person in your family who you admire?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do that makes you feel whole with yourself, that won't let any other person shake you?"
"askreddit"	"What Fad have you held onto, even though it isn't popular anymore?"
"askreddit"	"What follows you around everywhere you go?"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit can be considered as \"a gift that keeps on giving\"?"
"the_donald"	"@realDonaldTrump: The Russia-Trump collusion story is a Total Hoax, when will this Taxpayer funded charade END?"
"worldnews"	"The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked | Technology"
"the_donald"	"Congressman John Culberson Joins Fight to Make England Savage Again"
"askreddit"	"What should everyone know about money?"
"askreddit"	"What is your \"saved the day\" story?"
"the_donald"	"Snowflakes don't seem to understand that if the Dom were gone, we would proceed into the wild and take over their safe spaces."
"askreddit"	"What is your go to \"Get Pumped\" song?"
"askreddit"	"Men of Reddit, what's the biggest \"I'm a princess\" red flag?"
"the_donald"	"Senate Confirms Trump Air Force Secretary Pick Heather Wilson"
"askreddit"	"What are some reasons that the 90s was the best decade?"
"the_donald"	"So when Hildabeast lost..."
"askreddit"	"What is a good non mainstream band?"
"askreddit"	"What is the perfect income for someone to make in the U.S.?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe is dead guys...."
"askreddit"	"Health care workers of Reddit, who was the most uncooperative patient you've ever had and what did the do?"
"askreddit"	"How are you changing or fixing your daily routine for this summer?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What's your own ideal version of your country?"
"askreddit"	"What's the brokest you've ever been?"
"askreddit"	"In your opinion what is the most important subject and why?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors, what makes you biased towards others?"
"funny"	"What is irony ?"
"funny"	"What? Why?"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest dream you've ever had?"
"worldnews"	"Venezuela Needs a New Leader, Not New Constitution, OAS Secretary Almagro Says"
"askreddit"	"What is the most inappropriate use of a joke you have ever witnessed?"
"the_donald"	"Ran across the Holy Book on Amazon. Praise Kek!"
"askreddit"	"Why is your dick small?"
"askreddit"	"What are the tools to find social media profiles with Gmail ids?"
"the_donald"	"Dying Media claims Pepe is dead."
"the_donald"	"Change the meaning of a word here, make a new social rule there, buy a propaganda outlet over yonder to help push it. Done over a long enough time line, they won't even notice. Well played Soros. Like frogs in a pot. You almost took America without firing a shot."
"the_donald"	"Broward Sheriff Arrest 16-year-old (Obamas Son) In Pool Party Attack of Elderly Woman"
"askreddit"	"If \"keep his stumach full and his balls empty\" is the secret to keeping a man, what would be the equivalent saying for keeping a woman?"
"askreddit"	"People who came to the realization that after all, you weren't smart, how have you been coping with it?"
"the_donald"	"Found Some Proud Pedes Deep Behind Enemy Lines!"
"askreddit"	"Waiters/waitresses of Reddit, what was the worst date you've ever witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"How would you describe what your \"private\" parts looks like?"
"the_donald"	"How does Snake Plissken feel about guns?"
"the_donald"	"I feel a big winning streak coming on. Am I the only one or is it in the air... Feels like something big is on the way..."
"funny"	"Army Specialist was denied leave to go to a baby shower because his CO said \"Men don't go to baby showers\", so he changed his reason"
"worldnews"	"Brexit 'putting off' EU workers taking a job in the UK - recruiters"
"askreddit"	"People who don't reply to a text for hours after they read it, what's your M.O?"
"askreddit"	"What's a side hustle more people could easily get into but don't know exists?"
"the_donald"	"If All These Other Redacted Reddit Sites Don't Care Then Why Do They Keep Mentioning This Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"For the next 24 hours you can only speak the truth, which question would get you in the most trouble?"
"askreddit"	"What is something that only happens in movies that you wish happened in real life?"
"askreddit"	"what song hits you in the gut?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is it like to live in a cheapish/cruddy apartment ($600-$875) in a city like Chicago?"
"pics"	"A day chasing crabs."
"askreddit"	"What song do you think should be featured in the next Awesome Mix for Guardians of the Galaxy 3?"
"the_donald"	"I won't change my profile to the Francistan flag, and neither should you!"
"askreddit"	"What is more cringeworthy? the speling in this title, or a massive loud salami smelling burp directly followed by asking for the blow of job?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who steal your coworker's food, what's your story?"
"the_donald"	"Indonesia courts jails Jakarta's Christian governor for blasphemy against Islam"
"askreddit"	"People that have gone through divorce or had parents that did, how did it change your life?"
"funny"	"Who sent me this 😂😂😂"
"askreddit"	"What would you do to make yourself feel better after feeling negative emotions that you cannot control?"
"askreddit"	"Why do bears commonly have ear tags?"
"gaming"	"Don't be heartless!"
"gaming"	"[DarkSiders] Mark Hamill aka The Joker"
"askreddit"	"What Subreddit would cause non-redditors to lose respect the most respect for us?"
"askreddit"	"Which scify movies got the future right?"
"askreddit"	"What was your happiest accident?"
"the_donald"	"Our president looks like he's in ideal American shape!"
"funny"	"I witnessed an age old question today"
"pics"	"I drew a thing"
"askreddit"	"What will the year 2100 be like?"
"askreddit"	"What are some really dumb things you thought as a kid?"
"funny"	"It has begun"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor Ahok found guilty of blasphemy - BBC News"
"programming"	"How to identify software licenses using Python, Vector Space Search and Ngram Keywords"
"pics"	"Bear Hug"
"the_donald"	"Pepe's law"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite food that is hard to find where you live?"
"askreddit"	"What lesson did you have to learn the hard way, and how was it learned?"
"the_donald"	"We should all accept Europe has become the 3rd world."
"the_donald"	"IT's Happening. \" THE LEFT GETS IT's OWN BIRTHERMOVEMENT\""
"the_donald"	"NYT writes a weak ass summary of the hearing today, Muh russia bullshit is dead"
"askreddit"	"What movie desperately needs a reboot?"
"the_donald"	"SPREAD THE WORD: Indonesia lost against radical islam, governor jailed for \"blasphemy\". PLEASE PRAY FOR HIM!"
"funny"	"Is it an improved recipe, or is it classic?"
"askreddit"	"What do you prefer: working with someone you hate who is good at their job or someone you like who is awful at their job? and Why?"
"askreddit"	"What has consistently changed throughout history?"
"askreddit"	"What's your top-rated comment?"
"askreddit"	"If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"If the US government gave every private citizen $1,000,000 today, what would the country look like in one year?"
"askreddit"	"Why are young people so eager to be triggered or offended in this day in age?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what food is probably disgusting but you love because you were raised with it?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most POPULAR opinion?"
"the_donald"	"TD today"
"askreddit"	"What is the meaning of your tattoo(s)?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta Governor Ahok gets 2 years after being found guilty of blasphemy"
"askreddit"	"People with Type-A personality, how do you relax or unwind at night?"
"funny"	"The angriest hummingbird you'll ever see."
"askreddit"	"What is something that you've counted and kept track of for a long time?"
"pics"	"A DIY SFX make up. Made only with QTips, paper towels and latex. \"The Rotten Plague Doctor\""
"askreddit"	"What is your preferred \"type\"?"
"askreddit"	"It's 3am, why are you up so late?"
"askreddit"	"How will food change in the future?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People that doesn't use dating sites/apps to find dates, what do you do instead?"
"askreddit"	"How do you control you're brain?"
"worldnews"	"Gare Du Nord evacuated as heavily-armed cops storm Paris train station in hunt for 'three dangerous men'"
"askreddit"	"Who is the worst user on reddit?"
"the_donald"	"It used to be Europe fought for its unique identity. Now, after a couple decades of PC, Islam is succeeding in their European conquest."
"askreddit"	"How will homes change in the future?"
"askreddit"	"What does the outcome of a man choosing between a small and big fork say about him?"
"the_donald"	"Better off dead than red."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, how many percent of Americans do you think own Bitcoins?"
"funny"	"I'm really not that big into surfing but I think the roof racks are there for a reason..."
"askreddit"	"What was your worst experience with a teacher/professor?"
"askreddit"	"How did someone use you and throw you away after that?"
"worldnews"	"Jeremy Corbyn Says He Won't Quit Even If He Loses The General Election: Speaking to BuzzFeed News in Tory-held Leamington Spa, an upbeat Corbyn said he would continue as Labour leader no matter what happens on 8 June."
"askreddit"	"How will transportation change in the future?"
"the_donald"	"France's Reaction When Macron was voted in."
"askreddit"	"Which one is a better school to go overall, baylor university or texas tech?"
"askreddit"	"If you were only aloud to listen to one song the rest of your life, what would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"Reddittors who lost so many teeth before their 30's even though they took good care of them, what is the cause of this curse?"
"the_donald"	"France once the entire population is \"enlightened\"."
"askreddit"	"What's a moment you always go back to and can still laugh about?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most reposted post you know of?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best age of girls to marry to get maximum advantage of marriage life?"
"pics"	"\"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen . ..\" Douglas Engelbart’s 1968 ‘mother of all demos’"
"funny"	"Pornography, by Itzin"
"the_donald"	"Disarm the Libtards."
"askreddit"	"What song brings tears to your eyes?"
"askreddit"	"What would happen to a human if you surgically severed every sensory nerve connected to the brain?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do when your bitch don't love you no more and you give her dick she all mad?"
"askreddit"	"How will capitalism end?"
"gaming"	"Prey is a Complex, Tense, and Scattered Piece of Survival Horror"
"programming"	"A basic explanation of Machine Learning and Deep Learning"
"the_donald"	"The butthurt is real"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite energy type?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why are you allowed to say negative things about yourself (like \"I'm overweight,\") but not positive things (like \"I'm attractive,\" or \"I'm rich\")?"
"the_donald"	"PLEASE DONT TURN MY BEST FRIEND BILL NYE INTO A RACIST ALT-RIGHTH WHITE SUPREMACIST NAZI HATE SYMBOL! I DONT WANT HIM TO BE KILLED OFF FOR SYMBOLIZING BIGOTRY :((("
"pics"	"Remind you of anybody?"
"the_donald"	"When can we expect Obama's tranny wife to come clean and admit that he has been lying to American people about his gender?"
"askreddit"	"What are the things on Reddit that have made you say \"alright boys pack it up, that's enough internet for tonight\"?"
"the_donald"	"So Sally Yates decided to supersede the Supreme Court by ruling the Travel Ban unlawful.....That's all I got out of today!"
"askreddit"	"What wholesome song has lowkey dirty lyrics?"
"askreddit"	"Why do schools protect the bully and blame the victim?"
"askreddit"	"What was the scandal at your work place?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the most innocuous thing that can get you fired?"
"funny"	"The different people you will see working customer service jobs"
"gaming"	"Please stop! He's already beaten! [MK8D]"
"pics"	"Took this on a run tonight"
"askreddit"	"Who is the definition of sexy-ugly?"
"the_donald"	"Christian Governor sentenced 2 years in prison for quoting Koran. Trump was right!"
"worldnews"	"Eyebrows raised as Saudi father names newborn after US first daughter"
"the_donald"	"We need to get the leftys to adopt this song as their anthem... \"Don't cry out loud.. just keep it inside..\". The lyrics are shockingly accurate."
"programming"	"Do you need a database transaction for reading data?"
"the_donald"	"Am I the only one who is scared about how brainwashed the media has people?"
"pics"	"Photoshoped ,i did."
"worldnews"	"Corbyn pins Labour's election hopes on housing reform pledges"
"pics"	"1970 Nissan Skyline GTR."
"the_donald"	"Ama. So i got banned from breitbart by disqus for this..."
"askreddit"	"What surprised you most at your first contact with genitalia of the opposite sex?"
"askreddit"	"What's your story of a total stranger becoming your best friend?"
"askreddit"	"Who was the worst person you had to fire/watch get fired?"
"askreddit"	"What song gives you instant nostalgia?"
"askreddit"	"Why do you believe animals look the same while human beings don't?"
"askreddit"	"Teenagers of Reddit, what teenage thing did you think you would hate, but you actually now enjoy?"
"the_donald"	"BBC comedy chat show mocks male victim of domestic violence and gives 'Mammy of the Week' award to his abuser - insideMAN"
"askreddit"	"what drug is worth trying recreationally?"
"askreddit"	"What's a side hustle more people could easily get into but don't know exists?"
"worldnews"	"Trump’s Visit to Saudi Arabia Will Cost Them $68 Million"
"the_donald"	"Reports of Pepe's Death are Fake News!"
"askreddit"	"What is your bad habit?"
"funny"	"I don't need no walls around me and I don't need no drugs to calm me"
"askreddit"	"What minor plot detail that if it was changed would make the entire plot of a film different?"
"askreddit"	"Oh magic conch, what is your favourite Spongebob episode, and why?"
"the_donald"	"French media is BRAGGING to U.K. Media that they got THEIR GUY elected by blocking news that his wife is a cradle robbing pedophile and that he had a coke habit so big he could put El Chapo on back order. You had your chance France. Aloha Snackbar."
"the_donald"	"Two Chinese woman in Germany get raped by the new Germans"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit do you have an irrational dislike toward?"
"askreddit"	"Shakespearean's of reddit, what didst thy breth'ren doth to thee to maketh thee stand ho being cater-cousins with those folk?"
"askreddit"	"Why should someone be forced to pay taxes for someone elses children (mistakes)?"
"funny"	"The real star of the Super Bowl."
"funny"	"Regular hand washing huh?"
"askreddit"	"Which is your favourite tv show ?"
"askreddit"	"College graduates, what did you major in and why?"
"askreddit"	"What are some internet throwbacks that we've probably forgotten about?"
"pics"	"Found this image at Imgur- very aptly written lines"
"askreddit"	"What is something you know you need to fix about yourself, but just don't care to?"
"askreddit"	"What's a side hustle more people could easily get into but don't know exists?"
"askreddit"	"What's the closest you have ever come to dying?"
"gaming"	"The world's first computer-generated 3D animation."
"askreddit"	"When future humans look back at our era, what will they make fun of?"
"funny"	"( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
"funny"	"This is an online apparel store full of funny, silly, humorous, designs and slogans, with many more tees coming soon!!!"
"funny"	"Hitler is alive, and lives in Better Korea"
"funny"	"When You Want to Study for Finals but Everybody Else Gave Up On Life Already"
"funny"	"Performance art"
"askreddit"	"Why are most men in society made out to be not good enough for women by the media? This is why so many men are shy and don't make the first move?"
"askreddit"	"What Is the best platonic relationship you've had with a teacher or student?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless Lord of the Rings fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"How much better would the economy be if rent was cheaper?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Why will most people, such as myself, never utilize their full potential in life?"
"worldnews"	"Study finds EpiPens are still potent 4 years after expiration date"
"the_donald"	"Macron says Terrorism is \"part of our daily lives\". Chinese army uses flamethrowers to wipe out Muslim Uighur terrorists who are hiding in mountain caves in Xinjiang. See the difference when it comes to protecting your country and its people?"
"askreddit"	"Do you believe in aliens? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"Taxi/Uber drivers of reddit, what are your craziest or weirdest stories?"
"askreddit"	"Who here wants Reddit Gold?"
"askreddit"	"What is a famous saying that you don't like?"
"funny"	"Do u remember us"
"askreddit"	"If your genitals could talk, what quote or one liner would it say way to much and in what accent?"
"askreddit"	"Teachers of Reddit, working or retired: What happened on the worst day of your teaching career?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest best man speech you have heard?"
"askreddit"	"It's Freaky Friday. Who do you trade places with and how do you spend your day?"
"the_donald"	"Washington Post is a White Supremacy Agency! How dare they! Shameful!"
"askreddit"	"What was the last lie you told your significant other?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite Doctor Who quote?"
"the_donald"	"Islam thinks in terms of centuries... Wake up Europe - the only thing you remember is how to order your next espresso."
"askreddit"	"What makes You, a Female alpha?"
"askreddit"	"What are things/jobs that needs to be done at utmost accuracy?"
"askreddit"	"Why do we form attachments to blankets and/or stuffed animals as kids and adults?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most effective and least painful way to die?"
"gaming"	"Ice Hockey World Championship 2017 Kick-Off"
"the_donald"	"I really try to not let Trump bashing get to me, but I've had enough."
"pics"	"Urban Rose"
"funny"	"A true redneck way to brush your teeth"
"programming"	"Java solution for the famous Tower of Hanoi problem using Stack"
"pics"	"This star jasmine plant came with a humming bird"
"askreddit"	"If aliens existed (or exist), and Earth suddenly became part of an Intergalatic Trade Partnership, what would our number 1 export be?"
"askreddit"	"What is the adult equivalent of playing with fire?"
"askreddit"	"Hello *former* teenage stoners of Reddit! How's life going now?"
"funny"	"18 Hilarious Gym Workout Images or Quotes Guaranteed to Make You Laugh! Have A Look | Masalaa News"
"the_donald"	"Grab her by the Pussy Cat"
"askreddit"	"What task do most people do in an inefficient way?"
"askreddit"	"Where were you born and where do you live now?"
"askreddit"	"Bankers of AskReddit, what was your biggest win from a trade till date?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's your opinion on privilege and mental illness?"
"funny"	"Jesus Christ google....."
"the_donald"	"Allegedly, according to Canadian media, Jared Kushner asked Justin Trudeau to persuade President Trump to stay in NAFTA."
"askreddit"	"How would you describe yourself in haiku format?"
"pics"	"My father sitting next to Trump in Europe"
"askreddit"	"How would you describe the flavour of eggs?"
"gaming"	"Please stop! He's beaten already! [MK8D]"
"gaming"	"When you're outnumbered and you panic [R6S)"
"askreddit"	"What is the one thing that would ruin your relationship if the other half were to find out?"
"the_donald"	"YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024 YOUR PRESIDENT TILL 2024"
"the_donald"	"Are you guys including trump concerned about the doomsday clock ?"
"pics"	"Milky Way"
"the_donald"	"What is r/The_Donalds' stance on marijuana?"
"pics"	"Acadia National Park, October 2016"
"pics"	"The edited image gives the vibes of a lamp post"
"pics"	"While visiting Colorado on vacation I bumped into a couple of locals. They've been living here all of their lives, but still make time to have lunch and enjoy the view."
"funny"	"Life isn't fair..."
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to ask a friend if they want to move past friendship and into a relationship?"
"pics"	"Suspicious mattress denied at the Goodwill"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite analogy?"
"funny"	"Wave goodbye to all comfort"
"askreddit"	"What have you done while drunk that your friends seem to take pleasure in not letting you forget?"
"askreddit"	"What do you need in order for you to achieve better quality orgasms?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Adult child abuse survivors of Reddit: How is life now? Does it get \"better\"?"
"the_donald"	"Trump is the avatar of Kek! Praise him!"
"pics"	"Jew Asking for His Suitcase"
"askreddit"	"How often do you have intercourse with your SO?"
"askreddit"	"What is a problem that can be solved by throwing money at it?"
"askreddit"	"If you could sit down and have a beer with any current celebrity, who would it be and what would you want to talk about?"
"askreddit"	"What is a good vacation spot for two college students?"
"askreddit"	"What societal function does alcohol and cigarettes serve?"
"pics"	"SUA-Centre-Series-Umbrellas"
"the_donald"	"An Indonesian court on Tuesday sentenced the minority Christian governor of Jakarta to two years in prison for blaspheming the Quran, a shock decision that undermines the country’s reputation for practicing a moderate form of Islam."
"pics"	"My cat Ziggy rips apart boxes (I call them frustration boxes), but this one looks like Jimi Hendrix and he also brought Gumby in from the kitchen too."
"pics"	"My cat's belly looks like two people in profile"
"pics"	"iPhone 7 plus camera makes anything look better."
"the_donald"	"Found in [redacted] ... this is how insane they are... my husband died of cancer, and feels grateful for Obamacare. ( loons )"
"the_donald"	"My ladypede died a year ago and I am bitching cuz feelz. I try not to, but, it's a living hell and this is my community at this point. So, just saying FUUUUUUUUUCK."
"askreddit"	"What's the stupidest thing you've said to a police officer?"
"askreddit"	"What was one of your most defining moments in life?"
"askreddit"	"If you had a time machine, which thing you would fix?"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest verbal exchange you've read online?"
"askreddit"	"Who had the biggest fall from grace?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you cried happy tears and what was the occasion? [serious]"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who reside in Manhattan, how do you afford to live there?"
"worldnews"	"US National Security Advisor: Quick, Peaceful Solution Needed in Venezuela"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you caught yourself staring?"
"funny"	"Please subscribe i nede to get it to 100 subs so i can fuk up sum Yt networks."
"the_donald"	"The Latest Hot Video Game"
"the_donald"	"??? ANOTHER DAY AT DENNY'S ??? THIS IS NOT MAGA FOLKS !!!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] My sister gave remote access to her computer to a scammer. How can we do damage control?"
"pics"	"My boyfriend is currently deployed. I painted him this mini picture of his puppy and am surprising it with him in this month's care package!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Introverts of Reddit, what was the most interesting thing you have observed when you were out in public?"
"funny"	"INTRESTING"
"askreddit"	"What's your family's dankest secret?"
"the_donald"	"The entire Yates and Clapper show is an exercise in evasion of the core issue, until Yates admits this:"
"askreddit"	"What have you used the dark web for that you couldn't do through a regular browser?"
"worldnews"	"Police in Georgia Are Turning Traffic Stops Into the First Step Toward Deportation"
"askreddit"	"If you could change the cast of a classic/hit film, who would you pick for the role/s?"
"askreddit"	"What food looks good but taste terrible?"
"askreddit"	"How do you joke around with people?"
"askreddit"	"What would David Bowie think of the state of rock n roll today?"
"askreddit"	"Where did you have your AC installed? Why that location?"
"askreddit"	"How many minutes do you take in the shower ?"
"gaming"	"Are you alright? (Battlefield 1 Singleplayer)"
"askreddit"	"What life lesson are you better off learning the hard way?"
"askreddit"	"If you were being held hostage by a group of terrorists and you could choose which movie badass came to save you, who would it be?"
"askreddit"	"Adults of reddit - which of your decisions turned out to be life changing, long time after you made them?"
"gaming"	"My cousin is teasing me with Mario Kart."
"askreddit"	"You encounter an extra-terrestrial being, who says \"Take me to your leader.\" Who do you take them to?"
"askreddit"	"People who have been in an incestous relationshop before, who did you have it with and how did it start?"
"askreddit"	"What is a skill you'd like to learn and why?"
"askreddit"	"A Genie appears and grants you TWO wishes, but he warns you that one of the is going to be completely wrong, what would you wish?"
"pics"	"#your_title"
"askreddit"	"When did you first realize you were old?"
"askreddit"	"Of humans were to become extinct what animal would take our place as \"ruler of earth\"?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the funniest story on reddit?"
"askreddit"	"Did you ever befriend a bird? If so, what happened?"
"the_donald"	"No Yahoo, you can not co-opt our based superheros with your weak rehashed characters"
"the_donald"	"Jakarta governor sentenced to 2 years prison for blasphemy (aka being Christian)"
"the_donald"	"Ex democrats Ex liberals, What Red Pilled you?"
"askreddit"	"If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?"
"the_donald"	"Is Macron's wife a Rodian female?"
"funny"	"The Domino Defect"
"pics"	"Wooden Motorcycle"
"funny"	"My cat ate a feather from my blanket. I googled if this was safe for her, I didn't expect answers from actual cats."
"the_donald"	"You know it happened. It isn't even headline news anymore."
"the_donald"	"How I feel like when I talk to liberals... this is sad."
"funny"	"This looks like fun!"
"the_donald"	"CNN = very fake news. No cuck, Pepe has risen! 🐸"
"askreddit"	"When do you think muscles and flesh become meat?"
"the_donald"	"Fat feminists are trying to bring down America"
"askreddit"	"What was the luckiest thing that has ever happened to you?"
"askreddit"	"Porn or music? What would you choose?"
"askreddit"	"What would be the worst way to die?"
"askreddit"	"If you had a million dollars and a celebrity endorsement, what world problem would you solve, with which celebrity, and why?"
"gaming"	"The legend of Heisenberg"
"gaming"	"Flatout4 on ps4 USA"
"askreddit"	"What moment in history would you have loved to be a fly on the wall for?"
"askreddit"	"What's the modern version of \"u wot m8\"?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what did you do unintentionally that turned someone else on? (NSFW)"
"askreddit"	"You can control time but only to slow down and fast forward your life. How will you use this power?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what term do people use for non-binary parent, sibling, aunt, uncle?"
"askreddit"	"Did you ever stumble against one of the apex predators (great whites, lions, bears, wolfs) of the world? If so what happened?"
"askreddit"	"What are some commonly mispronounced words?"
"pics"	"Story Time With Pomeranian Puppies"
"askreddit"	"What is a name that you can't name your kids anymore but used to ?"
"funny"	"Hmmm interesting point there"
"the_donald"	"CNN = Very fake news. No cucks= Pepe 🐸 has risen!"
"askreddit"	"whys it so good when a woman likes u so much u can get away with anything and treat her however u want?"
"gaming"	"Nier: Automata -- there's no other game where I was using ladders that often. I wonder why. NSFW"
"worldnews"	"Hero Nicki Minaj is helping fans out by paying their tuition fees"
"the_donald"	"How's my layout looking fellow Americans?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite Burger of the Day on \"Bob's Burgers\"?"
"the_donald"	"CNN = very fake news. No cucks, pepe has risen!"
"gaming"	"Is the online pass for The Last Of Us worth buying to play multiplayer?"
"worldnews"	"Indian state launches cow ambulance service | World news | The Guardian"
"askreddit"	"What is the most racist insult you have ever heard?"
"askreddit"	"Cinema Workers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you've seen any movie-goer do whilst in the cinema?"
"askreddit"	"What wild animals have you made friends with?"
"funny"	"Used to teach, student ended an essay with this."
"the_donald"	"Hey Matt Furie, you don't own Pepe anymore. He's ours now."
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite substitute for a curse word?"
"funny"	"What kind of pokemon is this?"
"programming"	"The new ASP.NET Core 2.0 packages can no longer be used on .NET Desktop"
"askreddit"	"What's a hobby that anyone can get into without spending &gt;50$?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the most random fact you know ?"
"askreddit"	"What was an online connection that happened to affect your life in some way?"
"askreddit"	"Which fiction book in 2,000 years would be worshipped like the Bible?"
"the_donald"	"I bet I can piss a whole lot of liberals off with this pic lmao"
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest birthday party you've ever attended?"
"the_donald"	"I've asked this before, but seriously guys, is there a plan if this sub got banned?"
"pics"	"Yondu, drawn by my daughter (first post)"
"askreddit"	"Do Flat Earthers think the moon is flat, too? What about the other planets? Is there a general consensus that all heavenly bodies are flat?"
"askreddit"	"Music lovers of Reddit, what are some great bands to help people explore other genres of music?"
"the_donald"	"Mr. iFIFIF"
"askreddit"	"What's your favourite sandwich?"
"funny"	"LOOKING FOR Friends!"
"funny"	"Steady on Paul"
"pics"	"Photography is an art."
"funny"	"Loneliness + hormones="
"programming"	"Why Python is a Great First Language"
"askreddit"	"Where have you gone bungee jumping in America?"
"pics"	"I heard you guys like views from weather balloons, so here’s one of the Northern Lights from the edge of space"
"the_donald"	"Regarding the alleged Russian influence"
"askreddit"	"What frowned upon activity is one step away from being perfectly acceptable?"
"askreddit"	"What are your reasons for not getting married?"
"funny"	"Sweet revenge: How to deal with thieving asshole brothers"
"pics"	"Like this place in Greece!"
"askreddit"	"What is a story idea you came up with that never came into fruition?"
"the_donald"	"Fat feminists are trying to bring down America"
"the_donald"	"Pepe LIVES! Google doodle for the day confirms it!"
"gaming"	"Comeback from 3-0 after premature \"gg\" (Rocket League)"
"programming"	"How to profile Django views"
"the_donald"	"The biggest political sub on reddit has a user who found an exploit on donaldjtrump.com. He posted it and now said sub is exploiting it at will. Isn't this targeted abuse? Why is it still up? Hmm, does reddit have a bias against Trump???????"
"askreddit"	"What do you do when you aren't tired?"
"the_donald"	"Anon describes Pepe \"death\""
"pics"	"Road to ISIS capital Raqqa dotted with niqabs discarded by fleeing women"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] My sister gave remote access to her macbook to a scammer. Who can we call for damage control? What we should we do?"
"the_donald"	"KEK"
"the_donald"	"I haven't passed the bar, but I know a little bit. Like how to get away with murder, extortion, and treason for starters. It's quite easy actually."
"the_donald"	"******* WHY MEXIFORNIA SUCKS FOLKS *******"
"funny"	"Spicey!"
"gaming"	"Kendrick Hanar"
"funny"	"Melbourne party legend interview"
"the_donald"	"Remember when Don Lemon and the rest of the Very Fake News pundits attacked Scotty Nell Hughes for saying Donna Brazil provided Hillary with a debate question? T_D remembers."
"the_donald"	"Shower thought; far left liberals and actual Nazis are both happy with the results of the French election."
"askreddit"	"(Serious) How has your life changed since Donald Trump became president?"
"the_donald"	"Looks like the term Commiefornia isn't sarcasm anymore..."
"askreddit"	"You are allowed to take and personally own one piece from any museum in the world with no strings attached. What do you take, from where, and why?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you got angry and why?"
"askreddit"	"Do you check Yelp when going to a restaurant you haven't gone to before?"
"askreddit"	"What human/animal hybrid would make a great supervillain?"
"the_donald"	"Love &gt; Moloch"
"askreddit"	"what are the primary beliefs of the Toltec people?"
"funny"	"The Pebble and the Penguin"
"the_donald"	"BASED WEB-SLINGER SEES THROUGH MACRON'S DISGUISE"
"pics"	"Fatema. A 16 years old girl shot with 16 Bullets by the Israel army. Way to go human rights"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the best \"revenge\" you can get before leaving stupid roomates ?"
"askreddit"	"Students of Reddit, what are your favorite resources to make school easier for you?"
"the_donald"	"All Hail TRUMP!"
"askreddit"	"At what point did you almost lose faith in humanity?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most diverse city in America with the fewest White people?"
"gaming"	"My first time playing 7 days to die"
"askreddit"	"Why don't racist realize that they are racist, like if you call a kkk member racist, he/she would tell you they are tolerant, neo nazis also claim the same, why is it this way, is it that they can't recognize their racism?"
"funny"	"Beautiful Poem"
"the_donald"	"Hey r/all, we're just doing exactly what Reddit told us to do..."
"pics"	"This residential building in China is unpleasant to look at. Are the lines even straight?"
"the_donald"	"I feel like I live in bizarro world. It's becoming more and more acceptable to be blatantly racist towards/discriminate against white people, and if you complain about it at all, that's considered racist lmao."
"pics"	"SUA-Centre-Series"
"askreddit"	"What is something you think is BS, but publicly claim to believe because everyone you know believes it?"
"the_donald"	"Love 🐸 &gt; Moloch 🍕🌭"
"askreddit"	"ADHD/Autistic people of reddit, what's your go to fidget?"
"pics"	"This gem of a pic I took while delivering pizzas."
"worldnews"	"Mass torture at unofficial detention center in Ankara, monitoring group claims"
"pics"	"Sunset"
"askreddit"	"When you were little, what did you want to be?"
"pics"	"A notice up at my school. I wonder how many people got the reference"
"funny"	"He always wanted a belly button"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the best defcon talks ever?"
"the_donald"	"I didn't make this, but share it with your loved ones"
"the_donald"	"Philippines: Deakin’s arrest April 20 reveals one of the darkest corners of the internet, where pedophiles in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia pay facilitators on the other side of the world to sexually abuse children, even babies, directing their moves through online livestreaming services!"
"askreddit"	"(Serious) What would happen if someone leaked Trumps tax returns?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite tv show?"
"the_donald"	"The Russia witch hunt is dead, Gen. Michael Flynn cleared by the FBI. It is time for @POTUS to bring back Gen. Flynn!!! #MAGA #SallyYates"
"askreddit"	"Users with Anxiety / Depression on medication, what did it feel like when you first started taking the meds? Can you describe the change? Has it helped? (Serious)"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] People in interfaith relationships, how do you manage your differences with your other half (and the in-laws)?"
"the_donald"	"Our WW2 allies RUSSIA , CELEBRATE V-DAY , THE DAY THEY DEFEATED THE NAZIS WITH US ON THE EASTERN FRONT - they lost 29 million men and more"
"funny"	"When you use the wrong cheat code in GTA."
"pics"	"A 16 years old girl was shot in Palastain with 20 bullets by the Israel army."
"pics"	"Definitely on of my favorite tattoos of all time"
"askreddit"	"What are the differences between r/popular and r/all?"
"worldnews"	"Gabriel sees him a little “deceived” from Thyssen-Krupp"
"the_donald"	"Someone needs to tell the powers at be"
"gaming"	"I have seen God..."
"askreddit"	"What gif/picture/video never fails to make you laugh?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta Governor sentenced two years for blasphemy, suggesting Quran says Muslims cannot be governed by non-Muslims."
"the_donald"	"~~ I LIVE HERE ~~ CALIFORNIA ~~ CUCKIFORNIA ~~ KOOKIFORNIA ~~ MEXIFORNIA ~~ COMMIFORNIA ~~ WE ARE FUCKED ~~"
"the_donald"	"This is why our fight against the Globalists with Trump at the head is important: Alex Jones describes how the elites are systematically trying to convince us to worship their new God."
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates, who appointed you to the Supreme Court?"
"worldnews"	"US, UK in Massive Troops Movement Along Syria-Jordan Border"
"the_donald"	"The dangers of opening a naming contest to the public"
"pics"	"Awesome View"
"askreddit"	"While befriending someone from another faith, what are some lesser-known things you learned about his/her faith?"
"askreddit"	"What foods or dishes got you interested in cooking more home made meals?"
"askreddit"	"What are your favorite bizarre music videos or just generally strange videos?"
"the_donald"	"Is Based Stickman is on his way to becoming a warlord"
"askreddit"	"What's your most regrettable \"I-read-it-on-the internet-story\"?"
"funny"	"Whoever is managing Colin Farrell's IMDb is fucking up."
"gaming"	"Player Unknown's Bullshit Grounds"
"askreddit"	"What's your most regrettable \"I-read-it-on-the internet\"story?"
"funny"	"Majin X"
"funny"	"smh"
"askreddit"	"What's the best room to put an AC in and why?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe has been killed by the left, but he has risen again"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite clean joke?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest/funniest thing you've done under the effects of psychedelics?"
"askreddit"	"what was your favourite game from your childhood?"
"pics"	"A 16 years old Palestinian girl was shot 20 times by the Israel army"
"funny"	"Javascripted romance"
"askreddit"	"Which fictional/historical characters would you choose to be your parents?"
"askreddit"	"Single people of Reddit, do you enjoy being single or would you prefer to be in a relationship and why?"
"gaming"	"Twitch political spectrum."
"worldnews"	"In pictures: Syrian drones spot hundreds of US, Jordanian armored vehicles at the border"
"askreddit"	"What was one occasion when being hopelessly late actually made your day much better?"
"askreddit"	"How do you help someone with hoarding disorder?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most toxic subreddit you have encountered and why?"
"askreddit"	"Women of Reddit, why you use Tinder?"
"the_donald"	"muh legacy"
"askreddit"	"40+ Adults, what was the funniest meme of your time?"
"askreddit"	"What's your preference? being single or in committed relationship? Why?"
"the_donald"	"Remember Julian Assange has paid a heavy price to give us the truth. Let's show some appreciation."
"askreddit"	"Women of reddit, what are you not ashamed to admit?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most horrific thing you've done to your genitals?"
"askreddit"	"What scares you but are too embarrassed to tell your SO?"
"worldnews"	"EPA removes half of scientific board, seeking industry-aligned replacements"
"askreddit"	"why my cocksmell so bad today?"
"askreddit"	"KFC Workers of Reddit, how does KFC hide the secret recipe from you guys?"
"askreddit"	"People whose SO has a different religion than you, how do you deal with it? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"Out of all four major north American sports, what team based on their name/mascot would win a giant brawl out of all the teams?"
"askreddit"	"What did high school teachers never prepare you for?"
"the_donald"	"This is how you know you're watching FAKE NEWS."
"askreddit"	"Why do we dream in 1st or 3rd person perspective? Is one POV more common over another? Are there any other unusual perspectives?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the greatest female video game character, and why?"
"the_donald"	"Please celebrate (or not) each year's Cinco de Mayo however you please"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]IM FINNA COP ME A HOT ASIAN MAN WHERE DEY AT?"
"askreddit"	"If Twitter existed throughout all of history, what would be some of the most popular posts?"
"the_donald"	"All of America is tired"
"askreddit"	"Those of you with horrible siblings - why are they horrible?"
"pics"	"Spotted!"
"askreddit"	"What little change in world history would make the biggest effect?"
"gaming"	"My mom worked for Nintendo when I was a kid."
"pics"	"Is this game racist, sexual, funny or all of the above?"
"the_donald"	"No worries Breitbart​, I got you! 👌👌👌"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who believe in things which studies have shown belief in is inversely correlated with level of education (God, conservatism, abortion is murder, vaccines cause autism, etc): Do you ever worry if the educated people know something you don't?"
"worldnews"	"US seeks evidence of Haitian crimes as it weighs their stay"
"askreddit"	"You have the opportunity to post Donald Trump's​ next tweet, what do you tweet to the world?"
"askreddit"	"What's the biggest lie you've ever told?"
"gaming"	"Top 5 text to speech softwares #1 | NEXT PUSH"
"the_donald"	"“General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration — but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.” — President Trump, in a tweet, May 8, 2017"
"askreddit"	"How can we use this UCSB Financial Transparency Act to demand change?"
"the_donald"	"Are people ironically believing that there is a Trump/Putin connection or are people still just reading article titles to feel informed?"
"askreddit"	"Which show/film workplace setting would you like to have a job in and what would you do?"
"pics"	"Artist transforms vintage ring boxes into detailed historical dioramas"
"funny"	"Sigh."
"the_donald"	"Just a friendly reminder that some diversity can be good, but too much of it and nothing gets done and nobody trusts each other!"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst style/fashion/makeup phase you went through and how long did it go on for?"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what's the smartest thing you've ever seen a crow do?"
"askreddit"	"What is one thing that gets funnier every time you hear/see it?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do (that you know you really shouldn't) for lack of a better alternative?"
"askreddit"	"Who are the most universally respected people of all time?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: The Trump administration is seeking evidence of crimes committed by Haitian immigrants."
"worldnews"	"16 rules of makeup that turned out to be myths in U.S"
"the_donald"	"This is why France will never uncuck itself"
"askreddit"	"Whats the best way to squirt out of your ass?"
"worldnews"	"Macron Hackers Linked to U.S. Cyberattack"
"worldnews"	"Deer caught eating human remains for first time, say scientists"
"pics"	"Police in the Indian state of Bihar are claiming that rats broke into police evidence rooms containing 900,000 liters of seized liquor and drank it all , WTF liquor can make you crazy !"
"askreddit"	"What are my options between each branch, enlisting with bad credit?"
"askreddit"	"It is said only two people know the KFC recipe; which two people would be the strangest duo to hold this knowledge?"
"askreddit"	"Who are the most universally respected leaders of all time?"
"askreddit"	"When did you decide to start growing your beard for real?"
"programming"	"JDK 9 modules voted down by EC"
"askreddit"	"What's something illegal you've done that you're actually proud of?"
"funny"	"What is a zombies favourite food?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most disturbing thing that you can think off?"
"askreddit"	"Motorbike enthusiasts of Reddit, how many of you listen to music when you are riding? Those of you that do what kind of ear phones do you use?"
"funny"	"We have a past with your mother"
"worldnews"	"ISIS Executes 47 inmates with different nationalities in Kirkuk’s Hawija"
"askreddit"	"What is it that makes looking people in the eye when they are talking to you so hard for some people?"
"askreddit"	"What the literal hell is up with these fidget spinners? I haven't been living under a rock, but I saw three of my 6/7 yr old cousins had them and now they're everywhere. Wtf?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think is your purpose is in life?"
"the_donald"	"MAGA!!!!"
"askreddit"	"What's the most useless Star Wars fact you know?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] How could one accurately assess the neurotransmitter network efficiency of their PFC?"
"the_donald"	"just a pede in ohio doin' his part to MAGA"
"askreddit"	"You are a genie, what kind of wishes will you not grant? Why?"
"pics"	"I found out the grim truth of how my friend pays rent to his roommate"
"askreddit"	"What stereotypes about your race are 100% true?"
"programming"	"What Event Sourcing is not"
"the_donald"	"California was an open carry state. The Black Panthers openly carried guns while watching for police abuse. Then California attempted gun control so the black panthers marched into the legislature CARRYING GUNS to protest. Gov Reagan came out for gun control. My mind is blown."
"the_donald"	"Reservoir Pedes"
"funny"	"Get ready for God!"
"the_donald"	"VIDEO: Major child webcam sex bust reveals rising abuse. The arrest of David Timothy Deakin in the Philippines has revealed one of the darkest corners of the Internet, where pedophiles in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia pay overseas facilitators to sexually abuse children, even babies."
"worldnews"	"US seeks evidence of Haitian crimes as it weighs their stay"
"askreddit"	"What type of gifts has a bird given you?"
"gaming"	"Prey(2006) bathroom vs Prey (2017) bathroom"
"programming"	"APL example - why a little verbosity is a good thing."
"the_donald"	"Pepe Approved 👍👍"
"the_donald"	"Is Pepe dead?"
"funny"	"Found this in our new house. It has the same dimensions as GRRM's A Dance with Dragons."
"pics"	"The shuttle on a barge"
"gaming"	"Very fast furtive pygmy ACTUALLY crawling around at incredible high speed"
"pics"	"Closeup of a sunflower"
"the_donald"	"Where is OUR annual military parade?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what was your claim to fame back in your school days?"
"askreddit"	"How do you help someone with hoarding disorder?"
"funny"	"Whoops"
"worldnews"	"Seeing the light: How India is embracing solar power"
"pics"	"I know I'm a little late to the party, but if your Cinco de Mayo wasn't this lit, we couldn't have partied together anyway"
"the_donald"	"Life comes at you fast"
"askreddit"	"What's been your creepiest fantasy with a celebrity?"
"funny"	"Future"
"funny"	"Flat earth society is satire though"
"askreddit"	"What's the best advice you have ever given to someone ?"
"askreddit"	"What G-rated movie title describes your sex life?"
"the_donald"	"Was over at bannedatthe_donald"
"askreddit"	"What is the best roast you have ever witnessed?"
"the_donald"	"I am Black AMA"
"funny"	"Business cat"
"the_donald"	"SPEED 2: CRUZ CONTROL®"
"askreddit"	"What's a word you just recently stopped pronouncing inclorectly?"
"gaming"	"The doorway of Amontillado [Rainbow Six Siege]"
"askreddit"	"What is the most overrated movie you've ever seen?"
"the_donald"	"Washington Post = WP = WHITE POWER"
"askreddit"	"What was the worst side effect of a medicine that you experienced?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most clever thing you've ever done?"
"funny"	"Never open a naming contest to the public"
"worldnews"	"Hating Uncle Hitler: diatribe turns magazine into collector's item"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you sad, and why?"
"askreddit"	"When and why did reddit cakeday stop being a thing?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Why is basic reasoning so difficult for so many people?"
"funny"	"King Harald V of Norway turns 80 years old Today. Still a pretty funny guy."
"gaming"	"WINNERS DON'T USE DRUGS phone wallpaper (OC)"
"gaming"	"Game collectibles on once in a lifetime sale. Strict limit of 5 per person of ANY products."
"askreddit"	"Why are people so quick to shut down the idea of National Socialism?"
"askreddit"	"Was thinking about how to construct a hypergate. What if we touch a black hole to a toroidal increasing the mass of the ring enough to pull aside spacetime so a ship can fly through and exit an identical gate at the destination?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who believe in any form of magic or witchcraft, why? Has a spell ever worked?"
"worldnews"	"Iran makes veiled threat against Pakistan and Saudi Arabia"
"the_donald"	"I love how Fake News always describes South Korea's President as involved in a \"scandal.\" Uh no, 2 Million people marched in Seoul because their president was a puppet an elite Pedo-satanic cult!"
"the_donald"	"Are you a leftist cuck that is tired of losing all of the time? PharmaTrump has just the pill for you!"
"askreddit"	"Ladies of Reddit, what do you think about introverted guys?"
"askreddit"	"Did Ancestry DNA work for you? If so what did you learn ?"
"worldnews"	"French ex-prime minister Valls plans to back Macron in June elections"
"the_donald"	"Left wing terrorist released after 6 months, after premeditated assassination attempt on a presidential candidate."
"askreddit"	"People who woke up for the night, why aren't you asleep?"
"askreddit"	"What are you completely tired of hearing about?"
"askreddit"	"What was good about your day yesterday?"
"pics"	"It's now been 2 years since I adopted this beautiful girl who was rescued from a meat farm. She's finally warming up but has a way to go 🐰"
"gaming"	"Where to find the game engine of any videogames?"
"askreddit"	"What story do you love to tell whenever you get the chance?"
"askreddit"	"Why do guys feel their long-distance girlfriend is cheating on them?"
"askreddit"	"What rude experience have you had with a cashier?"
"the_donald"	"Praise KEK"
"askreddit"	"What is something you like but act like you hate it when you're around other people?"
"askreddit"	"What are you doing to fill the void in your life?"
"askreddit"	"Which country is the best place for Tourism?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite flavor of beef jerky?"
"askreddit"	"What's a bad habit you picked up from your parents?"
"funny"	"Whenever I play GTA"
"askreddit"	"What is something you love but act like you hate it when you're around other people?"
"askreddit"	"May it be negative or positivie, how does luck influence your life right now?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit: If you had $7000 to start a business/invest in yourself how would you spend it?"
"the_donald"	"Death to lying legacy media. He has risen. Praise KEK🐸"
"the_donald"	"THE IRONY: California to end ban on communists in government jobs"
"askreddit"	"If you could become famous world-wide, what would you want to be famous/known for?"
"askreddit"	"What would be a term for a person who don't really \"lie,\" but who just make stuff up, constantly, as they try to fit the moment?"
"the_donald"	"As the Christian nation that we are, I am petitioning that we use this image for our sidebar picture!! MAKE PEPE HOLY AGAIN!"
"funny"	"when you tell your colleague that a production alert came in"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Given what we know today, what do you think will be the most disruptive new technology of the next 10-15 years?"
"askreddit"	"What do women really want?"
"askreddit"	"When have you been discriminated against because of how you look?"
"the_donald"	"College asks students to contemplate ‘pee privilege’ - “Do you have pee privilege?” one sign questions, informing restroom-goers that if they “never have to think about gender identity, ability, or access when peeing,” then “[they] do.”"
"funny"	"Salad, anyone?"
"askreddit"	"If you could sit down with your 15-year old self, what would you tell him or her?"
"askreddit"	"Guys of Reddit, how would your life change if you had a bigger penis?"
"the_donald"	"France-doomed again due to stupid decisions &amp; they are wimps after all...........surrender- surrender- surrender- surrender-surrender- surrender-surrender- surrender-surrender- surrender-surrender- surrender-surrender- surrender-"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] what is something you need from life, but know you will never have?"
"the_donald"	"Maybe I'm wrong but I got the vibe from her testimony that Sally Yates is a lesbian and thats why she was in her position and really why she opposed President Trump (even though Trump is the most pro gay president) . Correct?"
"askreddit"	"Bernie supporters, how do you feel now that his wife is under FBI investigation for bank fraud?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Former addicts of Reddit, what were you addicted to and how did you overcome it?"
"askreddit"	"what is the scariest conspiracy theory ?"
"pics"	"Name my band."
"askreddit"	"What is the most overrated movie you've ever seen?"
"funny"	"Iron Man ruined for life"
"pics"	"the vastness of joshua tree"
"askreddit"	"How many rules can a single title violates on /Askreddit?"
"programming"	"Kubernetes clusters for the hobbyist"
"the_donald"	"The left knows Islam is against all things they claim to value - but Saudis are rich and are a good ally to attack Western values. Enemy of enemy = friend. CALL THEM ON IT!"
"the_donald"	"Bang, bang, bang, bang! KABOOM! Vroom... Splat, splat, splat."
"askreddit"	"What talent do you possess that's mildly impressive?"
"askreddit"	"What's the story behind your first kiss with your significant other?"
"askreddit"	"What would you like for me to draw?"
"askreddit"	"Redditers, what are your thoughts on \"common sense is not common\"?"
"askreddit"	"How could a city build a wall with fortifications out of marble or granite?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors with \"Micro-penis\" or very small penis, what was your first moment of exposure like? (NSFW)"
"the_donald"	"Number of children who are crying salty tears and can't handle democracy*"
"askreddit"	"Do you think humans are evolving? If yes, what evidence would support your opinion?"
"the_donald"	"Am I shadowbanned?"
"pics"	":-/"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Write a Poem about anything you want."
"the_donald"	"The Trump administration is taking the unusual step of hunting for evidence of crimes committed by Haitian immigrants as it decides whether to allow them to continue participating in a humanitarian program that has shielded tens of thousands from deportation."
"programming"	"1252 - MsMpEng: Remotely Exploitable Type Confusion in Windows 8, 8.1, 10, Windows Server, SCEP, Microsoft Security Essentials, and more. - project-zero"
"the_donald"	"NASDAQ is outsourcing to india! And some of those jobs can literally be done by any highschool pass out right here! LOL"
"askreddit"	"Moving to Norwich, CT from Mumbai, India in June and have no idea what to expect. Can someone paint a picture for me?"
"funny"	"Laid back guy"
"askreddit"	"Call center workers of reddit; what is the most awkward conversation you had with a costumer?"
"worldnews"	"Hiroshi Sugimoto: Illuminating Opera Houses and Abandoned Movie Palaces"
"the_donald"	"Can't Kill Pepe"
"pics"	"My car seat has a judgemental face"
"the_donald"	"Next 5/8 we shall declare it Pepe Day, our easter!"
"the_donald"	"Serious no banning?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most defining characteristic of the culture in your state/country?"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing you've gotten away with?"
"the_donald"	"He had risen 🐸"
"gaming"	"[games] Moto X3M"
"askreddit"	"What's the most money you have won on lotto, lottery or scratches?"
"funny"	"The fact!!"
"askreddit"	"What was acceptable to do when you were born, that's no longer acceptable?"
"funny"	"She looks excited. This beast has the same dimensions as GRRM'S 'A Dance with Dragons'. (Found in the house we just moved into)"
"worldnews"	"Wealthy Chinese are lining up to pay $500k for U.S. visas"
"the_donald"	"Not gonna fool me, captcha"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Medical Researchers of Reddit, how much credence do you give to the futurist claim that our generation is the generation that will live to see the day that clinical immortality is achieved?"
"askreddit"	"Guys and gals of Reddit... who is so sexy they could get you to switch teams?"
"gaming"	"Anyone know EB Games Canada's return policy on used games?"
"askreddit"	"What are some double standards that piss you off? Or what are some that make sense to you?"
"funny"	"Losing calories from a pizza!"
"askreddit"	"Guys who like to play as girls in video games. Why?"
"askreddit"	"china's military"
"askreddit"	"What's the most interesting fact you know about a TV series?"
"gaming"	"Skyrim Platforms"
"askreddit"	"What is the creepiest situation you could realistically wake up to in the middle of the night?"
"askreddit"	"What's your all-time top rated submitted post?"
"gaming"	"Because loading 31 bullets into a gun is perfectly acceptable"
"gaming"	"Games were completed through effort and dedication"
"the_donald"	"Hey deep state🐸"
"the_donald"	"Thank god for Trumpcare. Obamacare wouldn't cover my high bloodpressure.."
"pics"	"Old woofer in the process of catching a ball whilst accomplice observes"
"askreddit"	"Which Feature You Thing Should Add On Reddit immediately For World Marketing?"
"the_donald"	"Pepe the Frog Creator Stages Funeral in Attempt to Kill Off Meme Icon"
"pics"	"Frozen Kegon falls in Nikko, Japan"
"askreddit"	"What is your group's best inside joke?"
"funny"	"You can almost taste the wit..."
"the_donald"	"The new PRESIDENT of France literally said \"France has no culture\" and We need to learn to live with terrorism as a part of everyday life\". What is happening to the fucking world!?"
"askreddit"	"Non-Americans and Non-Canadians of Reddit, what are your favorite American TV shows/Movies?"
"gaming"	"An old game but any idea how to play rise of nations online?"
"the_donald"	"The new PRESIDENT of France literally said \"France has no culture\" and \"we need to learn to live with terrorism as a part of everyday life\". What is the fuck is happening to the world!?"
"pics"	"Today in Latvia"
"programming"	"Kivy 1.10.0 released"
"askreddit"	"What decently affordable products and/or brands would you recommend to someone entering the real world?"
"askreddit"	"You wake up and the year is 2208. What once was your bedroom is a completely different room. Nobody knows you and you dont know anybody. How do you convince people you are from the year 2017?"
"the_donald"	"Cucks are peaking people!!!"
"the_donald"	"The PRESIDENT of France literally said \"France has no culture\" and \"we need to learn to live with terrorism as a part of everyday life\". What the fuck is happening!?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite song lyric? Why?"
"worldnews"	"French authorities clear out refugee camp in northeast Paris"
"the_donald"	"CNN is #FAKENEWS!"
"askreddit"	"Employees of restaurants and fast food, if you were the ceo of the company, what change would you make?"
"pics"	"the dropsaw won"
"askreddit"	"Musicians of Reddit, which instrument is the most fun/satisfying to play?"
"askreddit"	"What is a deep dark secret about yourself that nobody else knows?"
"askreddit"	"What are you most proud of?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Dear Reddit, what did Hitler do right?"
"askreddit"	"Incels, why the racism? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What have you created that no one else has made before?"
"funny"	"Can't run from your problems"
"askreddit"	"If the sun didn't radiate any blue light, what color would the sky be?"
"askreddit"	"Why isn't Queen Elizabeth II's husband, Prince Philip, known as King Philip?"
"gaming"	"[games] Soccer Physics"
"gaming"	"found six unopened copies of half life at work"
"pics"	"Captured a wonderful memory with my Uncle-in-law while I watched him catch shad for catfish bait at John H. Kerr Dam."
"askreddit"	"How does being anonymous affect how you interact on Reddit?"
"askreddit"	"What was the reason that you got banned from somewhere?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most harrowing journey you've ever taken?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been talked about in an AskReddit answer? What was it?"
"pics"	"Červená Lhota, South Bohemia, Czech Republic"
"askreddit"	"Men of reddit, what's something your female friend does that you find really cute/adorable?"
"pics"	"Apple tree in my garden, ca 90 years old. The former owner of my house, planted this when he was a kid. He was born in 1918, lives in a retirement home now."
"askreddit"	"What was your worst prom experience?"
"worldnews"	"ISIS beheads Russian intelligence officer in Syria"
"pics"	"I made a face! With my own blood..."
"the_donald"	"Liberal Comedians: \"Ivanka should have incest with her father\", \"10 year old Barron is a school shooter\", \"The President of America should put Putins cock in his mouth\". This is what's considered \"comedy\" ??? They're not send their best, folks."
"worldnews"	"White House dismisses Obama warning about Flynn as ‘bad blood’"
"askreddit"	"What is good about something people consider very bad?"
"askreddit"	"Why aren't you asleep?"
"the_donald"	"Indonesian Governor Jailed For 2 Years For Blaspheming Against Islam."
"askreddit"	"What is the best cooperation you have seen between people with a language barrier?"
"askreddit"	"What are some great video channels that are _not_ on youtube?"
"askreddit"	"Who is the hottest TV mom and dad of all time?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]why does china's military vehicles have american numbers on them?"
"funny"	"This old and highly suggestive Claussen pickle jar lid"
"worldnews"	"Theresa May's Brexit attack on Brussels overshadows UK economic downturn as general election looms"
"worldnews"	"UN: ‘6,000 people have crossed the Mediterranean since Friday’"
"worldnews"	"Malta’s embattled prime minister, Joseph Muscat, is facing a growing rebellion in Brussels, where MEPs are openly calling for his departure amid a growing corruption scandal involving his wife, a Panamanian shell company and alleged payments from the president of Azerbaijan’s daughter."
"gaming"	"Why don't they make real time strategy games like Age of Empires or Rise of Nations anymore?"
"the_donald"	"French election 2037"
"pics"	"This coarsely irreverent licence plate"
"askreddit"	"If you had a dozen chickens, what funny names would you give them?"
"the_donald"	"I feel bad for France but I wake up grateful for every single day Big-Hillz is not in the Oval Office!"
"askreddit"	"What was the greatest night of your life?"
"the_donald"	"Dictator of the EU promises to wipe out the English language from Europe. USA, Canada, UK, Australia, Grenada, and others, don't allow other languages to take a hold. Arabic, Spanish, Hindi, Chinese, don't accept that in your English-speaking country as being equal, superior or needed."
"the_donald"	"It's getting late guys."
"pics"	"Guns 'n' Roses really toned it down"
"askreddit"	"What will the 2000s be remembered for?"
"worldnews"	"Philippines to UN: Reports of extrajudicial killings based on 'alternative facts'"
"pics"	"9th May in Latvia"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you had a stalker ?"
"the_donald"	"Where do I fit in?"
"pics"	"This banana blossom looks like Audrey. Feed me, Seymour!"
"funny"	"Who will you save firstly?"
"the_donald"	"Death to 🍕🌭cultural Marxism. Long live the United States and our Constitutional Republic."
"pics"	"Golden Record (Genesis - Lamb Lies Down On Broadway)"
"askreddit"	"What would you do if you discovered info that could change the world but you were such a normal person you couldn't get anyone to believe it?"
"askreddit"	"What are some weird personal stories that have occurred in your life?"
"askreddit"	"Why does beer taste better the older you get?"
"funny"	"But...how?"
"askreddit"	"How can you control your emotion?"
"askreddit"	"At what age did you finally feel like you were grown up?"
"the_donald"	"Michel Houellebecq may be a fortune teller. His novel, \"Submission,\" details the takeover of France by Islam, and is eerily accurate."
"askreddit"	"What is the fastest way to be famous worldwide ?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Throw false pride out the door, what are you really good at and can teach people about?"
"askreddit"	"What is your deepest regret in life?"
"the_donald"	"Video shows Florida teens cheering while one slams Elderly woman to the ground and throws her and her dogs into the pool. This is the kind of society liberalism has endorsed and fostered. We need law and order established and taught in schools again as worthy ideals."
"gaming"	"[Just Cause 3] Almost there... almost there...!"
"askreddit"	"What's a TV show that gets worse each consecutive episode?"
"askreddit"	"What are some fantastic novels that deserve more hype?"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest/most interesting thing you've seen a cat do?"
"the_donald"	"Fuck you Reddit Admins (more like R[edit].) Try as much as you like but you can't stop this portrait from getting the upvotes it deserves"
"askreddit"	"Why do some people have children who only grow up to become poor and miserable?"
"the_donald"	"\"Large government is a toxic agency in human society\" - Myth of Scandinavian Healthcare"
"askreddit"	"What line in what song are you compelled to sing every time you hear it?"
"askreddit"	"What are the weirdest ways you forced yourself to finally sleep?"
"askreddit"	"why eating greasy food makes me shit so hard?"
"funny"	"So we drew our friend today...."
"the_donald"	"CNN will soon be #1...when searching for the term \"Fake News\". Congratulations to CNN on this major achievement."
"askreddit"	"What are some cool things to write on bathroom stall walls?"
"funny"	"Facebook, you're not good with Anonymous, are you?"
"gaming"	"Blizzard, never change :D"
"funny"	"I seemed to have missed that scene of the movie..."
"funny"	"Anime logic (x-post from r/anime)"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of the theory that if some one giving relationship advice in relationship subred had 50k karm than they are almost always right?"
"askreddit"	"If a genie granted you a wish, but everything you wish has to come out your ass, what would you end up wishing for?"
"the_donald"	"MFW the media acts like Pepeposters even care/know about Matt Furie."
"askreddit"	"Help! Trying to get to Crab Island May 28th!"
"gaming"	"Goat simulator in a nutshell"
"askreddit"	"What's your go-to story to tell at a party?"
"askreddit"	"What do you believe comes after death, and how do you feel about it?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have a talent for making people laugh, how do you do it?"
"askreddit"	"I'm so miserable right now, what can I do to cheer myself up?"
"the_donald"	"[Deus Vult] [Spicy] [MOAB]"
"askreddit"	"What does your horoscope say about you today ?"
"pics"	"test post"
"the_donald"	"If this doesn't give you the chills then what would?"
"gaming"	"Is this game relevant to you? Facepalm."
"askreddit"	"What plot twist genuinely surprised you?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, What is with all the subreddits going \"ProCSS\"?"
"askreddit"	"If GTA is 'stealy wheely automobiley' what are other video games?"
"funny"	"When friends are foes"
"the_donald"	"California may end ban on communists in government jobs. Libs are INSANE."
"the_donald"	"4chan \"trolls\" trick a terrorist"
"the_donald"	"They're going to have a problem with the romance languages having gendered nouns... SAD"
"askreddit"	"What is a saying people often use, but don't seem to really understand?"
"pics"	"My parents planted this tree when I was born."
"askreddit"	"What's a funny gif that you have saved or bookmarked somewhere?"
"pics"	"I planted this tree 23 years ago, the same exact year as my son was born."
"askreddit"	"If you grew up speaking spanish and english, how do your thoughts sound or are they in spanglish?"
"askreddit"	"If you have unlimited downloading speed but have a limited download limit will it satisfy you?"
"askreddit"	"Why do I smile when I get upset at someone"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, What's the one thing you want to do before you get married?"
"askreddit"	"To all people that regularly browse reddit at work, how much does it affect your productivity?"
"funny"	"I love how dogs do stupid things and look so proud"
"askreddit"	"What do you regret recommending?"
"askreddit"	"how normal is to feel kind of gay when spending time with other males?"
"the_donald"	"Jeff Kwatinetz, Steve Bannon's ex-business partner: \"A lot of sane liberals realize there’s bias in the press in both directions. It’s hard for people to understand how much is untrue until they’re the subject of a story.\""
"the_donald"	"Reddit fucking sucks."
"askreddit"	"When were you in the wrong place at the wrong time ?"
"the_donald"	"Praise KEK🐸"
"askreddit"	"What type of underwear is your favorite to wear?"
"askreddit"	"Everyone has a mission in life. What do you think your mission is?"
"the_donald"	"Crooked Martha Stewart is morally superior to Trump, but loves herself some rollin 20's crip (Snoop)"
"pics"	"I found the perfect Bubble wrap bubble"
"pics"	"These toilet doors with gender identification..."
"askreddit"	"What Is the Biological Basis of Consciousness?"
"worldnews"	"Saudi Arabia is building a city for entertainment, and it’s almost the size of Las Vegas"
"funny"	"Dr. Mitten, Hand Surgeon. Some people are just born for their work."
"pics"	"Lots of wheels."
"askreddit"	"Who is your all time favorite songwriter and why?"
"askreddit"	"What song is catchy enough that just reading the name gets it stuck in your head for hours?"
"the_donald"	"Kafir, all of Islam hates the Christian &amp; the Jew! They want ALL of us dead. We must stop these people!"
"the_donald"	"REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE part two."
"pics"	"A city called Jequié, in Brazil, gave the public schools backpacks of the same size for all kids"
"worldnews"	"Criminals escape from jail and go seeking revenge amid Yemen war"
"askreddit"	"What's a song that's really fun to play on the acoustic guitar?"
"programming"	"10 Tips on How to be a Great Programmer"
"funny"	"Country not included."
"askreddit"	"Can anybody make me a profile picture for steam/youtube for free? add me on steam if you can, I dont have any money so cant pay. :( http://steamcommunity.com/id/DashyZYT/"
"the_donald"	"Students protest gay conservative speaker as he defends free speech at Portland State"
"worldnews"	"British doctor and fiancée killed by intruder at Boston penthouse"
"askreddit"	"What is the best VR for porn?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor sentenced to 2 years prison for blasphemy"
"askreddit"	"Who are the modern day Brat Pack?"
"askreddit"	"How do you control your job's stress?"
"gaming"	"Crazy men doing crazy stuff in Ghost Recon's Wildlands!"
"the_donald"	"REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE part 2"
"worldnews"	"Pattani double explosion: Thailand tourist resort shopping centre rocked by blast"
"funny"	"Went to visit the nice wild Cockatoos in Australia"
"gaming"	"Help."
"pics"	"Kansas?"
"askreddit"	"What seemingly harmless product have you purchased that you think is even more UNSAFE for your health than a product like the Purple® Mattress?"
"askreddit"	"Why would a successful,handsome, social, desirable man with lots of women who would want him turn to online dating? They're all losers maybe?"
"askreddit"	"Quick, what two foods go great together?"
"askreddit"	"Taxi drivers: what is the weirdest request you've ever had from a passenger?"
"the_donald"	"Sp*z approved bots."
"the_donald"	"RUSSIA MILITARY PARADE IN MOSCOW - MOSCOW VICTORY PARADE - MAY 9, 2017"
"the_donald"	"MUSLIM DOG DAY AFTERNOON: Man With Dog Nabbed by Toronto Police for Offending Nearby Muslims"
"askreddit"	"What is a fake fact everyone believed?"
"the_donald"	"I pointed out that they have mods breaching their own rules and reddits site wide rules, got muted for 72 hours for \"harassing\" them, PATHETIC"
"askreddit"	"What's an absurd double standard?"
"the_donald"	"Every time I browse on tumblr, I feel my IQ dropping."
"the_donald"	"!!! REMEMBER ZDENEK GAZDA !!! THE LEGAL IMMIGRANT PATRIOT !!! HE FILMED THE SIDE OF BEEF !!! BEING CHUCKED INTO SCOOBIE MOBILE !!!"
"the_donald"	"What is this sub's views on net neutrality?"
"the_donald"	"Update: After zero matches, here is my updated Tinder for maximum triggering"
"askreddit"	"You can travel back to any time after 1980 and spend 1 week there. What can you do in that time that would have the most positive effect on our present world?"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever caught plagiarism and what happened?"
"the_donald"	"Bongo Bernie"
"askreddit"	"What are the most reposted questions in this sub?"
"the_donald"	"Are you kidding me??????"
"askreddit"	"What is/was your worst impulse buy?"
"the_donald"	"Update: After zero matches, here is my new Tinder profile for maximum triggering!"
"askreddit"	"Which movie/tv show/book/game has the best twist that actually shocked you?"
"funny"	"Instructions unclear... Teabag stuck in CD drive!"
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] What paranormal experience made you question your skepticism?"
"the_donald"	"I want to give a shout-out to all the anti-Trump subs today for their recent endless concern for r/The_Donald. You subs; we are all fine and standing firm with our principles. Thank you for keeping us in your thoughts with every post. Though, I must say, I never think of you once."
"askreddit"	"Why were the old fashioned toilet tanks set up so high, did they really need that much more pressure than modern toilets?"
"funny"	"Asian Parents Play \"Never Have I Ever\" With Their Kids"
"funny"	"XXX BAKCHOD STUDENT Live Stream"
"the_donald"	"Looks like the law works"
"askreddit"	"People who have had to euthanize their pets, how did you get through it?"
"askreddit"	"Former Jurors of Reddit, what was the trial all about? Was the person guilty as charged?"
"gaming"	"Console war in nutshell"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] You've just won $100m (as a lump sum after taxes) what do you do to ensure you're set for life?"
"askreddit"	"Which subreddit are you?"
"askreddit"	"What Are the Best Souvenirs You’ve Ever Collected While Traveling ?"
"worldnews"	"shirtsfordemocrats"
"askreddit"	"Why do most humans believe that they are better than others? Why can't they understand that we are all the same species and having more money, power, notoriety doesn't make them better than the next? Why can't we come together to make this planet a better place?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most common topic that you constantly hear about your country and isn't true?"
"gaming"	"Very nice Portal waterbottle."
"pics"	"I got married in King Arthurs Great Halls, Tintagel"
"funny"	"Serving you some realness"
"funny"	"This misspelling on a sign in Changu Narayan, Nepal."
"askreddit"	"Romans vs Natzis. Which is the better race?"
"the_donald"	"It's a metaphor for the US 2016 election. (Hillary's the fish, get it?)"
"askreddit"	"As of this moment, what are you doing, what should you be doing, what do you want to be doing?"
"askreddit"	"The last text you sent is your most noteworthy quote. What is it?"
"gaming"	"Ultimate Customs taking custom retro consoles to the next level"
"the_donald"	"900 year old illegal immigrant refuses to speak proper Basic! OUT OUT OUT #DrainTheSwamp"
"the_donald"	"Canada is so damn expensive! hope the healthcare is worth it! You'll need it for the malnutrition! (Avg. prices in description - converted to USD)"
"funny"	"It's a tough job, but I get a good celery!"
"funny"	"Learning How to Draw Santa Claus Colorful for Kids - Coloring Videos For..."
"the_donald"	"Get out my shed"
"the_donald"	"It's interesting to see France surrendered to Germany for the third time this century."
"worldnews"	"UK just spent £70,000.00 on a logo"
"the_donald"	"The way I see it, if we get more than 47.1k upvotes, we win (again)."
"the_donald"	"Top Soros Henchman Calls for Government-Run Social Media in Order to Stop InfoWars &amp; Breitbart"
"the_donald"	"Praise KEK🍀"
"askreddit"	"What is the best fake word and meaning (that sounds like a real word) you can construct using a minimum of 5 letters?"
"askreddit"	"What is the nicest thing someone has done for you?"
"the_donald"	"Macron is nothing but a phony Rothschild puppet that elegantly duped the people and will now be helping the elite rob the people."
"askreddit"	"The world is ending and everything around you is crashing down what will you do during your day on earth?"
"funny"	"Losing calories from a pizza!"
"askreddit"	"Millennials of Reddit, what are your thoughts on having kids?"
"worldnews"	"Record Turnout in South Korean Election: Unless there is a major upset, liberal Moon Jae-in—who calls for a moderate approach on North Korea, wants to reform powerful family-run conglomerates and boost fiscal spending to create jobs—will be elected president."
"the_donald"	"Showerthought: Are European women supporting refugees because European men are cucks?"
"askreddit"	"Conference goers of Reddit- how do you make the most out of industry conferences?"
"gaming"	"\"Go play outside.\""
"askreddit"	"[Serious] You've just won $100m (as a lump sum after taxes) what do you do with it?"
"askreddit"	"What are some song lyrics that when you hear them you get the chills?"
"worldnews"	"Ukraine seeking Canada's help to set up high-level corruption court"
"the_donald"	"Watch today's bombardment of foreign mercenary terrorists annihilated in Aleppo Syria by the Russian Air Force RuAF RuAF RuAF! Go Home"
"worldnews"	"U.S seeks evidence of Haitian crimes as it weighs their stay"
"askreddit"	"Girls (and guys) of reddit, what do guys do that they don't realise is attractive?"
"askreddit"	"If you were a subreddit, which one would you be?"
"the_donald"	"*** 2 YEARS AGO *** NO ONE THOUGHT THIS WAS POSSIBLE *** GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP ***"
"the_donald"	"Caitlyn Jenner Gets BTFO'D By The God Emperor"
"worldnews"	"Elite spy unit has mission to 'infiltrate' North Korea"
"askreddit"	"If you were a show like \"Courage the Cowardly Dog\" what would you be called? What is the plot?"
"the_donald"	"This really saddens me. Kids are no longer allowed to have childhoods in some countries anymore. Underage sex is now “a normal part of growing up” in the UK &amp; putting children increasingly at risk, says new report"
"askreddit"	"On a scale of 1 - 10, how shit is your life right now?"
"the_donald"	"Maybe the impending civil war that's about to take place all over Europe will end up saving America from making the same mistakes."
"askreddit"	"What would be the BEST cybernetic ability?"
"the_donald"	"The Trending Stuff about Alibaba Clone Script."
"askreddit"	"What future would you most like to see?"
"funny"	"There's a first time for everything."
"worldnews"	"James Comey's testimony on Hillary Clinton's emails - Current News and Tech info Blog"
"the_donald"	"The search bar says ~27,000 online users... TD says only ~9000. Typical Reddit BS!"
"askreddit"	"Would you please evaluate my fashion jewelry website and tell me how can I improve it? http://www.nihaojewelry.com/"
"askreddit"	"What is a the most annoyingly common AskReddit question?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most amusing new film we can come up with, by adding a letter to an existing title?"
"askreddit"	"People who park in two parking spaces intentionally, why do you hate everyone else enough to deny them parking spots?"
"askreddit"	"What do you put in your sandwich?"
"askreddit"	"What are you not good at?"
"the_donald"	"Hey dying legacy media, Pepe isn't dead."
"askreddit"	"What are some productive hobbies that don't demand a lot of creativity, e.g. working out, learning a song on an instrument, etc.?"
"pics"	"Tentsmuir, Scotland"
"askreddit"	"What's the closest thing to a superpower you have??"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever fake/lie in your medical history because the cause of the injury is embarrassing? And what actually happened?"
"askreddit"	"How can you use the oil your hair produces for cooking food?"
"askreddit"	"What is your real life story of 'There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.'?"
"askreddit"	"What do you do for work? Any crazy/funny stories from the workplace?"
"funny"	"Looks like we're overbooked guys!"
"funny"	"Ruthless"
"the_donald"	"What a day to be alive"
"askreddit"	"What tv show is the best to binge-watch?"
"worldnews"	"Renzi: We'll clean up Rome trash Sunday"
"the_donald"	"Let's be honest... I'm a white male....👌🏻"
"askreddit"	"What stereotype is actually quite far from the truth?"
"askreddit"	"Parents with a different intelligence level than your child, what's been challenging dealing with that difference?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most interesting piece of information that you've gathered about a person just by peering over their shoulder while they're on their phone/computer/tablet?"
"gaming"	"[games] GunFight.io"
"askreddit"	"Why don't you want to get married?"
"askreddit"	"You get to be part robot, upgrading a bodily function, or adding a new one. You're limited to one because your lame normal human body can only take on one. What is the best upgrade/ability?"
"the_donald"	"Donald Trump recent Tweet - \"Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!\""
"the_donald"	"PERFECTLY EXPLAINED SETH RICH INVOLVEMENT IN CONGRESSIONAL HEARING TODAY"
"askreddit"	"How has social media gotten you or a colleague into trouble at work?"
"askreddit"	"What, or who, is the cancer of your job?"
"askreddit"	"Americans of reddit, have you ever eaten Bilberries (european blueberries). If yes, how would you compare them to blueberries?"
"askreddit"	"Hello Redditors, what are your hobbies?"
"askreddit"	"How are you guys doing today/tonight?"
"askreddit"	"What is something someone could tell you that is good to hear on one day, but bad another day?"
"the_donald"	"The prophecy 🐲"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What's the biggest decision you made with the least amount of thought you put into it?"
"askreddit"	"Just like the program Helix, what're some sinister medical/ biological research facilities and what do they do?"
"askreddit"	"What single incident completely changed your perception of someone you knew?"
"pics"	"Every morning the sun hits me from that window directly in the face and it feels surreal to see"
"askreddit"	"What would you like to eat for your last meal?"
"askreddit"	"People who have been dumped from a long term relationship. How did you cope?"
"the_donald"	"What at time to be alive"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, What is your Main Source of Love nowadays?"
"the_donald"	"We are media now!"
"pics"	"Bumble-butt"
"gaming"	"One of my favorite characters of all time"
"worldnews"	"Dutch officials have opened what is being billed as one of the world’s largest offshore wind farms, with 150 turbines spinning far out in the North Sea"
"the_donald"	"Assange‏ poll: Did Le Pen lose due to sexism? (vote)"
"gaming"	"Playing Nintendo Switch on London DLR. Whilst out on a visit to London for a pub crawl we played Mario Kart on the Switch wherever we could. We got a stranger to take this photo as he was curious as to what we were playing, he declined the offer of playing sadly."
"the_donald"	"Who are the undefeated Syrian Army's Tiger Forces: History And Capabilities!"
"askreddit"	"Married folks of Reddit, what is one question you wish you had asked your spouse before the wedding day?"
"gaming"	"One of my most favorite characters of all time"
"askreddit"	"What's it mean if you dyed your hair and there was tons of these little bubbles on your scalp that you popped?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most bitchy thing you have ever done?"
"askreddit"	"What pieces of music have had/caused the greatest impact on your life and way of thinking?"
"funny"	"Meat my Beat"
"funny"	"How To Hug"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit! Game of Thrones Bosses Confirm That Seasons 7 and 8 Will Be Shorter Than Ever Before, is it true?"
"askreddit"	"How to be funny?"
"the_donald"	"Foreign mercenaries of ISIS claim to have beheaded a captured Russian officer in Syria! Don't complain about bombed mosques if you commit war crimes!"
"askreddit"	"What's your best workplace story of working really hard to try to avoid work?"
"the_donald"	"I heard that Last Cuck Tonight with Johnny Triggerwarning is going to do a segment on /r/The-Donald's \"internet hate\", GET ME IN THE SCREENSHOT!"
"pics"	"how do u like it"
"askreddit"	"Why are you changing?"
"worldnews"	"Ireland to join other EU countries in enforcing 'opt-out' organ donation system"
"the_donald"	"Study Eurapistan's Cuckery on your own time. We are Americans not Euros, not Afghans, nor Africans or Asians. Our country is the lighthouse of Western Civilization, and the 21st Century is dark and full of terrorists."
"askreddit"	"What do you do or what do you eat when you feel blue?"
"askreddit"	"Who is a YouTuber you once really enjoyed, but not anymore?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most worn item in your wardrobe/closet?"
"the_donald"	"@Liveuamap 4m Heavy police presence for 9 May in Kyiv https://liveuamap.com/en/2017/9-may-heavy-police-presence-for-9-may-in-kyiv … pic.twitter.com/CW3XJ3S41h via @MVS_UA"
"askreddit"	"What standard practice on reddit pisses you off the most?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]If college https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YQNh_gU7TEmajors had slogans, what would they be?"
"funny"	"Do something you love"
"gaming"	"[games] Glor.io"
"worldnews"	"Arizona girl found in storage box: Cousin stands trial on murder, abuse charges"
"funny"	"I'm no parent but this seems a bit odd."
"askreddit"	"What movie had a great double twist?"
"gaming"	"Dragon Quest Heroes 2 - Unplayable on PC due to 20fps framerate drops"
"gaming"	"Trying to clean my games room. Nimbus is being no help at all ..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What would you kill for?"
"funny"	"Research shows"
"askreddit"	"What piece of information did you find out about someone close to you that you wish you hadn't?"
"gaming"	"I have to start playing Sam and Max again."
"pics"	"The actual flip car from Fast &amp; Furious 6, it's better in person!"
"askreddit"	"People who ended up in a place they didn't expect to be - what happened?"
"gaming"	"I treat my Xbox the same way it treats me.."
"askreddit"	"What are you addicted to?"
"askreddit"	"What would surprise you if it was in the news tomorrow?"
"gaming"	"So Zombies Chronicles is hidden behind another game?"
"the_donald"	"Senator reveals that the FBI paid $900,000 to hack into San Bernardino killer's phone"
"pics"	"People tell me I have huge hands, here is a banana for reference"
"gaming"	"Always wished this got a reboot..."
"askreddit"	"What was the \"kids who learn to code today will do the jobs of tomorrow\" in the past?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of your anecdotes?"
"gaming"	"FINALLY!!!!!! (Explanation in the comments)"
"worldnews"	"Indigenous people exposed to UK nuclear tests given healthcare aid - BBC News"
"the_donald"	"Happy Europe Day 2017! (enjoy it while you can, won't be around much longer)"
"askreddit"	"Company owner that require experience/qualifications for minimum wage jobs. What is your reasoning?"
"the_donald"	"Based Persian man goes in depth on the realities of immigration to a council and demands equal rights for white people."
"askreddit"	"Makeup Artists of Reddit: Why do so many characters in movies and TV series have perfectly white teeth even if it does not fit their role at all? Is there a specific reason why teeth do not get any 'Makeup'?"
"funny"	"What have I done"
"the_donald"	"Max needs a soul transplant"
"the_donald"	"that comment has been deleted"
"funny"	"Newest warfare technology"
"askreddit"	"When was going with your gut a really bad idea?"
"askreddit"	"How much money do you make on Forex every day?"
"funny"	"Selfies in the stone age"
"askreddit"	"Daters of Reddit: what's your best/cringiest story of blowing a sure thing?"
"the_donald"	"Whoops"
"funny"	"Pegging: A hidden history"
"gaming"	"this is crazy"
"askreddit"	"If you weren't in the top 1% at school at mathematics then you're an idiot. So why do you think you're smart?"
"askreddit"	"You're on a desert island. You can have one video game console (no pc's) and three stand alone games that come with it. What do you choose?"
"askreddit"	"Ex-smokers of reddit, what finally made you quit?"
"askreddit"	"If you could wear any pair of socks, but only one pair for the rest of your life, what socks would you wear(and please describe them)?"
"the_donald"	"Raging Cartel War Kills 20 in Mexico at Texas Border. When are we going to call this what it is? A clear and present danger to civilization"
"askreddit"	"What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?"
"askreddit"	"What is the strangest thing your SO does when they think you're not looking?"
"funny"	"caPeech"
"pics"	"The Dolomite Mountains, Italy"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to pass ETG Alcohol Test?"
"askreddit"	"What makes you instantly dislike someone?"
"askreddit"	"If you could pick a slogan for any company, who would it be for and what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"Without a vested financial interest of your own, which company do you really want to see succeed?"
"the_donald"	"Completely True"
"askreddit"	"How can you describe your occupation using only clickbait titles?"
"askreddit"	"What political, religious, social, or other beliefs are so off-putting to you that it ruins otherwise good relationships?"
"gaming"	"Connecting my ps4 with surround sound system"
"funny"	"The struggles of having a Scottish accent. The names on the receipts should be Kieran, Sharon, Terry and Jennifer. Props for getting 1 out of 4."
"the_donald"	"Honest question. On what grounds do lefties believe that shrimp should be impeached? What is the case against him, in their eyes?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What could you wish you do as a child, but can't do as a child?"
"pics"	"A sunshine rain shine vibrant display. Gorgeous Montana."
"pics"	"Happy Victory Day! On this day, 72 years ago, Soviet Union was victorious over Nazi Germany. Let us remember the brave men and women who fought, and in many cases, died for this victory."
"askreddit"	"To the redditors who are bad people, why are you ok with being a bad person?"
"programming"	"The Configuration Complexity Clock"
"askreddit"	"People who've worked in the food industry, what's the weirdest thing you've seen someone order?"
"askreddit"	"Who makes the best frozen pizza?"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Breaking down the data to explain Macron's victory"
"askreddit"	"What would you do for $14?"
"funny"	"Party never ends"
"askreddit"	"What's the most embarrassing moment of your life?"
"askreddit"	"How would people feel about a videogame about terrorism?"
"askreddit"	"To the people who never gave up after always getting backstabbed and betrayed, what gave you the strength to claw your way up from rock bottom?"
"the_donald"	"They say I died, yet here I am."
"the_donald"	"Shields up! Cuckons are in the vicinity!"
"the_donald"	"Is anyone actually being fooled by the Russia shit?"
"askreddit"	"Ex atheists, what made you realize the truth?"
"askreddit"	"If you don’t get a job, what’s your backup plan?"
"the_donald"	"I made my first political comic"
"the_donald"	"Honest question. On what grounds do lefties believe Trump can be impeached? What is their supposed case against him?"
"funny"	"This animal took its time of day to specifically shit on this rock!"
"askreddit"	"Yo bitch riddin dis how you doin?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What are the things you have to avoid talking about with your significant other?"
"gaming"	"Don't be a camper :)"
"askreddit"	"Ex religious people of Reddit, what made you realize the truth?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest date you've been on?"
"the_donald"	"Kyle Chapman's public FB posts always get brigaded by white supremacist trolls. Can some of us help out to counter-troll them and offer Based Stickman some support?"
"askreddit"	"People who take a call in public, turn on speaker phone and shout into it, why do you do it?"
"worldnews"	"Double bomb blast in Brit holiday hotspot injures at least 40"
"askreddit"	"What do you enjoy the most about being in a relationship?"
"pics"	"It's mango season here!!!"
"askreddit"	"What is the greatest/most scathing comeback to an insult you've ever heard?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have had their fortunes read, what was it like?"
"pics"	"Come dance with me! ^-^"
"askreddit"	"Reddit,what makes you uncomfortable?"
"askreddit"	"What good thing did you abuse until you felt shitty?"
"pics"	"Angered Bridge, Sweden."
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest marketing move you have seen?"
"askreddit"	"What meme would best define Reddit to a nonRedditor?"
"the_donald"	"Bye Bye Bi, thanks to Nye"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of the idea that if a girl can be great and gets cheated on because guys like variety? But a guy gets cheated on he's most likely not quality because girls are genetically programmed want most desirable man?"
"askreddit"	"What did you come across on Reddit that literally changed your life or had a significant influence on your life?"
"pics"	"The Dog"
"gaming"	"I Regret Nothing - (PUBG)"
"pics"	"First pic might as well be of me behind the Hollywood sign"
"pics"	"My grandparents"
"the_donald"	"Know the difference! (X-post r/dankmemes)"
"the_donald"	"Teach your kids that communism is bad, just like you parents taught us. Don't let them end up like the Antifa morons."
"askreddit"	"Who makes the best frozen pizza?"
"pics"	"Parking..."
"funny"	"People tell me I have huge hands, here is a banana for reference"
"the_donald"	"Macron celebrating today all like..."
"askreddit"	"How would people feel about a videogame where you play as a terrorist?"
"gaming"	"Gta 5 mods Tofaş Şahin Modu"
"pics"	"View of Vatican Square From the Dome of Saint Peters"
"askreddit"	"What do you feel when you are surrounded with people that are looking at their phones, in public spaces?"
"askreddit"	"If you had to talk to people from a new tribe getting internet access for the first time, what would you warn them about?"
"askreddit"	"What is the Actual aim of NASA?"
"askreddit"	"What mild action, if done excessively, can be lethal?"
"askreddit"	"How can you choose a psychologist? by his/her fame?"
"worldnews"	"Russia showcases Arctic hardware in Red Square military parade"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite music to listen to while you're working?"
"gaming"	"stream Russian victory day"
"askreddit"	"What's the silliest/dumbest lie you've told anyone?"
"gaming"	"Made a wallpaper for my some of my \"mains\"."
"funny"	"Sex education, South Park style"
"funny"	"[NSFW] Feedback I got after a Uber ride... I didn't even realize!"
"the_donald"	"It's been more than a week since we last saw Hillary Clinton getting chucked into a van like a side of beef. This is unacceptable."
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you can do with your body (SFW)?"
"pics"	"Here's my graduation gift to all my Reddit friends! Have a free high-resolution Space phone wallpaper I took!"
"pics"	"Viking Warrior? New roadside art (12ft), N5 West Ireland. Artist Unkown."
"pics"	"H-town"
"pics"	"After a few days of heavy rain, and a beautiful sunset."
"worldnews"	"Italian forces ignored a sinking ship full of Syrian refugees and let more than 250 drown, says leaked audio"
"askreddit"	"Why Are Babies So Dumb If Humans Are So Smartest on the Earth?"
"programming"	"news-please - an integrated web crawler and information extractor for news that just works"
"the_donald"	"Italian news anchor does report on migrants sleeping rough and then..."
"the_donald"	"Meet Leon Balfour Jr."
"askreddit"	"Where was the best customer service you've ever received?"
"askreddit"	"Who would win in a fight between Samurai Jack and Bruce Wayne?"
"askreddit"	"What's your opinion on the human head transplant and, if successful, does it pose the question of immortality?"
"funny"	"Well that is Funny...."
"askreddit"	"What is the creepiest thing anyone has ever said to you personally?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you prayed, and what for?"
"pics"	"Caught the cat playing with something; each one of those black dots is a baby spider."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what was your most awkward job interview moment?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who have been rejected by their crush, what was their excuse?"
"askreddit"	"What are some signs a guy is pretending to be attracted to you?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who are chickens, what name do you call other chickens when they are scared?"
"worldnews"	"Christian Governor In Indonesia Ordered Jailed For Blasphemy Against Islam"
"worldnews"	"Double explosion in Pattani, Thailand – multiple injured in tourist hotspot"
"pics"	"Me trying to catch some fish on our Docastaway experience in Indonesia!"
"askreddit"	"Whatblie have you told most often?"
"askreddit"	"What was your best dinner?"
"askreddit"	"What are the 2 most environmentally unsustainable components of your lifestyle?"
"the_donald"	"Hey France, this is what a real leader of a nation looks like. True patriotism for his country and his people. Putin praises military at WW2 victory parade and states: \"No force will be able to dominate our people\""
"the_donald"	"Daily Mail headline exonerating Huma and Weiner bears no resemblance to the article content, gives impression Laptop-gate never happened"
"askreddit"	"How do you drink all the time and not become an alchy?"
"askreddit"	"What lie have you told most often?"
"funny"	"Please don't wash your feet in the toilet..."
"the_donald"	"University of Wisconsin's student government demands control over campus police, accusing officers of \"implicit bias\""
"the_donald"	"The Sally Yates, James Clapper Senate Testimony: Excruciating Analysis the MSM Missed Completely"
"the_donald"	"In the future..."
"the_donald"	"Let the Globalists take Europe, but this man will always be the Champion of True Freedom! Only jealous cucks would downvote our Leader"
"worldnews"	"The Japanese manga comic helping Syrian refugee children dream - BBC News"
"askreddit"	"What does, or doesn't, surprise you about the call for impeachment thread on the front page?"
"the_donald"	"Trump Insists Long-Awaited Testimony By Yates And Clapper Was 'Old News'"
"askreddit"	"How come being called daddy by a girl who isn't your daughter makes you harder than diamonds?"
"askreddit"	"Which is the most weirdest question that was asked to you in an interview?"
"the_donald"	"Loretta Lynch must be indicted for her email the FBI has where she states she'll protect Hillary from investigation."
"the_donald"	"PEPE. WALKS. WITH. ME."
"gaming"	"What's the best way to play Age of Empires on Mac nowadays?"
"askreddit"	"What are the best songs about getting older?"
"the_donald"	"Open Borders Lobby Demands End to Deporting Criminals - demanding that violent convicts not be deported."
"askreddit"	"What is your most unique belief - something that very few or maybe only you believes - and can you convince us of it?"
"funny"	"Hilarious Animation About Poland Working in Germany"
"gaming"	"Couch Co-Op games 4+ PLAYERS! suggestions :)"
"askreddit"	"What is the story of you and your SO?"
"the_donald"	"The secret, 300 page, Obama \"Net Neutrality\" Bill is now coming to haunt us all. Netflix and other streaming services to be taxed like water 💦 and gas ⛽️... the more megabytes you use the more they tax. Thanks 💩 Obama 💩for handing Internet over to globalist elites...you are 💩"
"askreddit"	"Who would win in a fight between Samurai Jack and Bruce Wayne?"
"askreddit"	"What is happening when your stomach rumbles?"
"the_donald"	"A wee chink in the old logic"
"gaming"	"Another fantastic video game from my childhood"
"worldnews"	"Far more Leave voters than Remainers think EU is bluffing on Brexit 'divorce bill'"
"worldnews"	"Eman Ahmed faces cardiac, urinary tract issues: Doctors at Abu Dhabi hospital"
"askreddit"	"What is your first memory in the life??"
"funny"	"Best bathroom decoration 😂💀"
"the_donald"	"Socialism: The View from Venezuela - Protests over starvation and the deteriorating economic and political conditions reveal the end-game in any socialist project."
"askreddit"	"How would the world be different if you weren't born?"
"the_donald"	"Grumpy Cat -- the Alt-Right's Newest Hate Symbol"
"the_donald"	"That's where they come from - not here legally. \"I’ve been in El Salvador and in Honduras when the planes land with deportees,” Alvarado said. “It’s becoming the penal colony of the United States where criminal dumping is acceptable.\""
"funny"	"What do you call a girl with no legs?"
"the_donald"	"Hey @Jack, Pepe is going viral."
"askreddit"	"What movie has the most bullshit science?"
"askreddit"	"What was the biggest lie you've ever been told?"
"askreddit"	"You have 24 hours to achieve stardom, only using a pack of condoms, tape and a gun. How do you do it?"
"the_donald"	"Very fake news CNN claiming 17 intelligence agencies had concluded Russia hacked and meddled in the election."
"the_donald"	"Illegal alien with serval DUI's, domestic assaults and was deported 4 months ago, crashes his car into family returning home from Disneyland. The 6 year old son seriously injured."
"the_donald"	"The cover od this old magazine at the doctor's office hasn't ages well."
"askreddit"	"What's a short, clean joke that not so many people know?"
"funny"	"I AM ROOOOOT!"
"askreddit"	"What slipping sensations are rather pleasurable?"
"the_donald"	"&lt;---- Number of people who think Obama should be put in jail for sedition and/or treason"
"askreddit"	"What makes a breed of dog more suited to being a certain kind of service dog? Like German Shepherds being used as police dogs?"
"askreddit"	"Whats a sign that somebody is below high intelligence?"
"the_donald"	"How many Anti-Trump subs does it take to change a light bulb?"
"askreddit"	"What is you're best crazy cat lady story?"
"the_donald"	"The next president of France?"
"the_donald"	"OK Go - Interesting Drug (Morrissey Cover)"
"askreddit"	"who likes to get up morning?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best or most interesting question to ask someone to get to know them?"
"worldnews"	"Double bombing hits Thailand's Pattani city centre"
"askreddit"	"What should you never, under any circumstances, use instead of a scalpel while performing brain surgery?"
"funny"	"What does this say?"
"the_donald"	"Antifa is soooo tough you guys"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who watch the sky at night - what's the coolest/weirdest thing you've witnessed?"
"pics"	"This is Iran, in 2014"
"worldnews"	"Cheese does not increase risk of heart attack or strokes, find researchers - Review of 29 studies involving nearly a million participants finds saturated fats 'do not increase risk of cardiovascular disease'"
"funny"	"I doubt she took geography in school."
"the_donald"	"It should be obvious but I guess not."
"pics"	"Beyonce de Romania"
"the_donald"	"If you haven't read this, and are wondering what the pieces of a government run international human/organ trafficking organization would actually look like, I strongly encourage reading through it. Skip down past all the names and there are articles."
"the_donald"	"Anybody got a promoted link about the Quran?"
"askreddit"	"What are the main reasons for a bully to bully people or to make fun of them in front of other people?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is the most offensive meme you have come across?"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great."
"the_donald"	"If you haven't read this, and are wondering what the pieces of a government run international human/organ trafficking organization would actually look like, I strongly encourage reading through it. Skip down past all the names and there are articles. • r/The_Donald"
"worldnews"	"What do data protection and privacy look like in Macron's republique?"
"pics"	"This is my cat felix he was born on the same day as me 17 years ago. He died yesterday and i feel like i lost a brother ):"
"funny"	"Im scared."
"the_donald"	"Help us Chuck Norris!"
"funny"	"Unable to be with mom this Mother's day? Wife walk out and leave you with the kids? Tired of the daily \"mom\" routine? For whatever your need, we can help!"
"askreddit"	"What tastes better microwaved than cooked?"
"gaming"	"I'm having surgery and will be bed ridden for a week. What game should I play?"
"the_donald"	"Kyle Chapman's public FB posts always get brigaded by white supremacist trolls who are pissed at him disavowing them. Can some of us help out to counter-troll them and offer Based Stickman some support?"
"askreddit"	"What are some fun subreddits?"
"askreddit"	"What's your cute/romantic/love story?"
"the_donald"	"What really happened to Madeleine McCann? 10 reasons to suggest she was not abducted"
"the_donald"	"The economist is so pro-islam it thinks proper control of islamization is humiliation."
"the_donald"	"We're Becoming The Left — Stop Virtue Signaling Or This Image Won't Be Satire Much Longer..."
"askreddit"	"What Non-English TV shows are worth watching just now?"
"the_donald"	"Roger Stone gives 2 inside scoops: (1.) Tillerson is being mentored by Condi Rice, who is holding State Dept. meetings when Tillerson is out of country, and (2.) 100s of positions are unfilled because Priebus refuses to nominate anyone, while the State Dept. pushes anti-Trumpers! [Link starts @2:22]"
"the_donald"	"LOCK HER UP"
"funny"	"This is so true in my case"
"the_donald"	"What really happened to Madeleine McCann? 10 reasons to suggest she was not abducted • r/The_Donald"
"askreddit"	"What fictional universe has the most interesting lore ever that most people are unaware of, and what's the best part of it?"
"worldnews"	"ISIS releases video showing ‘Russian officer beheaded in Syria’"
"askreddit"	"What's the most ridiculous example of someone overcompensating when mak8ng a complaint?"
"funny"	"Proctologist Simulator 2013 is such a shitty game"
"funny"	"Goofing around with FaceApp. It's just not the same when he's happy about it."
"the_donald"	"WHO KILLED SETH RICH?"
"the_donald"	"Side of beef"
"worldnews"	"Australian of the Year finalist Eman Sharobeem 'can't remember' lying about qualifications, ICAC told"
"the_donald"	"Team Trump readies for critical meeting on Paris climate deal"
"the_donald"	"What do you think of Trumpcare?"
"pics"	"My dog knew where to park herself"
"the_donald"	"Just came here to say this..."
"pics"	"Shipping Container Pool"
"the_donald"	"Chris Pratt Continuing to Kowtow to PC Culture"
"gaming"	"How do you navigate cultural appropriation in gaming?"
"askreddit"	"What turns you off but you're too afraid to tell your SO?"
"the_donald"	"Regardless of the outcome..."
"askreddit"	"Have you ever read a comment or post and realized it about you, what was it?"
"askreddit"	"Current and former gay-for-pay pornstars, what is your opinion on populism, is it the new political norm or a mere fad?"
"askreddit"	"What's the worst Case of passive aggressive behavior in the work place you have witnessed?"
"askreddit"	"Girls of Reddit, what have you always wanted to know about guys?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best way to respond when you see someone who has ghosted you?"
"askreddit"	"Where is the best place to buy steel toed boots?"
"askreddit"	"Readers of Reddit: what is the most interesting book you have read and why?"
"funny"	"When a sheep has got better hair than you"
"askreddit"	"Who is the cockiest, most arrogant person you have ever met, and what is the most uppity thing they have said?"
"askreddit"	"What has been grinding your gears lately?"
"askreddit"	"What movie has the most passable science?"
"the_donald"	"If global warming was as big as a problem they say it is. Then fixing the problem (which we can) should be forced not beaten around the bush."
"the_donald"	"White privilege"
"askreddit"	"When did you realize that you're actually an adult now?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors that decided to buy a thesis/dissertation – why did you and what was the \"product\" like?"
"askreddit"	"When/how did one of your dreams interfere with your real life and what happened?"
"askreddit"	"You advised your friend to ditch their SO, partner. What happened next?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best accent?"
"askreddit"	"In a work setting what is going through the mind of a colleague who is considered to have a strong personality and difficult to work with?"
"askreddit"	"What do you love about where you live?"
"funny"	"I see your Canada meme and raise you a Norway meme."
"gaming"	"KID LOOSES 1V1 AND RAGES THEN GET BURNED BY LOBBY!"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite Weird Al Yankovic song?"
"askreddit"	"Adopted people of reddit, at what age and how were you told you were adopted? How did your foster parents handle that whole topic with/towards you?"
"the_donald"	"Men can't have babies?...I thought gender is a spectrum."
"the_donald"	"Islam"
"the_donald"	"California voters - Meet your new Dictator - This guy is destroying the democratic process in your state - Investigate if you have the courage"
"askreddit"	"What are some \"Good Guy\" EPA stories?"
"askreddit"	"Of all your body parts, which one is your favorite and why?"
"askreddit"	"How did you get over the anxiety when you first started driving?"
"askreddit"	"Which lesser known historical figure would you put at the back of your country's note?"
"worldnews"	"Qantas Airways CEO Hit With Pie In The Face, Laughs It Off Like A Boss"
"the_donald"	"Wakey Wakey"
"askreddit"	"If Islam/being Muslim is a race how would you describe their skin color? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"In a hundred years what do you think will change for better or for worse?"
"worldnews"	"Car bomb in Thailand's Muslim-dominated south wounds over 50"
"askreddit"	"Whats your proudest accomplishment?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite thing to do before work?"
"worldnews"	"Young children evacuated as nursery fills with tear gas during Venezuela protests"
"askreddit"	"Who would play you in the movie about your life and why?"
"the_donald"	"Surrendered"
"the_donald"	"Of Happy Day: Glenn Beck Removed From XM Patriot Channel."
"askreddit"	"Tobacco smokers of reddit, how do you justify subjecting random people to your fumes?"
"askreddit"	"What grade would you give your 2017 so far?"
"worldnews"	"9 coordinated bombings kill 1 and injure 42 in Pattani,Thailand"
"askreddit"	"What's some good hiking gear for $20 or less?"
"the_donald"	"Feminists, meanwhile, in Finland..."
"askreddit"	"What's something your SO does that turns you off, but you're too scared to tell them?"
"askreddit"	"Teachers of Reddit, how often do you use the internet to remind or educate yourself about the topics you teach?"
"askreddit"	"What, which seems very important to everyone today, will be forgotten by everyone 100 years from now?"
"the_donald"	"Gender Equality &lt;3"
"askreddit"	"What is the Resolution of the Human Eye?"
"askreddit"	"For those that got a reputation for sleeping around, how did it come about and how did it/still affect your life (Serious)?"
"worldnews"	"French Election: Marine Le Pen Loses but Propels Far-Right to Mainstream"
"the_donald"	"NASA's Future of War 2025 Is Already Here! (HD).At least watch about CNN at the one hour 4 minute mark."
"the_donald"	"Typical. Leftist don't want to take responsibility for their actions."
"askreddit"	"Name an emotion. What piece of music always manages to quickly fill you with that emotion?"
"worldnews"	"North Korea to join China’s Belt and Road summit"
"funny"	"Where should I bury this?"
"funny"	"Look, a family friendly game! May the 10 year old rejoice as it is playable for them like those spank elsa games. Huzzah!"
"askreddit"	"Ladies, what's the biggest misconception guys have about what women want in their ideal man?"
"askreddit"	"How would you truthfully explain your job to a 5-year old to make them think you are a superhero?"
"worldnews"	"Italian forces ignored a sinking ship full of Syrian refugees and let more than 250 drown, says leaked audio"
"askreddit"	"What is something you wish you started doing much earlier in life?"
"pics"	"Statue of King Arthur on the Tintagel cliffs"
"askreddit"	"What is the first thing you notice on a person you are meeting for the first time?"
"pics"	"\"Female goosander and her 18 chicks. Half of the eggs were probably laid by another female in the mother's nest,\" writes photographer Mehdi A."
"askreddit"	"What is something that has made your day in the past?"
"askreddit"	"what would you do if you struck in your girlfriend's store room and her husband comes?"
"pics"	"Young Joseph Gordon-Levitt"
"askreddit"	"What the savagest roast line you said or been said ?"
"askreddit"	"What are the opinions you hold that might offend others?"
"the_donald"	"People forgot that Kek has the power to revive people"
"pics"	"Sitting on the edge"
"askreddit"	"What is/was your best impulse buy?"
"the_donald"	"WASP’s - Women Air Service Pilots"
"the_donald"	"Top post on r/all. Submitted from a 17 day old account. At this point, only a total fool would think this organic. *Shilling Intensifies*"
"the_donald"	"A normie after spending 10 minutes on the_Donald"
"pics"	"Freshly Mined Indonesia Black Opal. Formed from Petrified Wood Fossils."
"askreddit"	"Successful people of reddit: how does it feel to read about the struggles of us plebeians?"
"funny"	"Attention"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What subreddit have you learned the most from?"
"the_donald"	"Christians holding seminar in Melbourne, Australia attacked by 'tolerant' LGBTI group who had their faces covered with bandanas (sound familiar?)"
"askreddit"	"What is really common in your country that foreigners find incredibly weird?"
"pics"	"Mountain Hare - In-Between"
"askreddit"	"What is the scariest thing you have seen on the Deep/Dark Web?"
"the_donald"	"Congress"
"the_donald"	"\"But race doesn't exist...\""
"askreddit"	"Is the game of thrones the most expensive TV shows of all time?"
"funny"	"Funny. Doug Funny."
"the_donald"	"Babysitter"
"askreddit"	"Why aren't there seat belts on public school busses?"
"askreddit"	"Avid gym goers of Reddit, what are some basic guidelines for gym etiquette ?"
"askreddit"	"How many subscribers of r/t_d do you honestly think are just trolls that either a) didn't vote or b) aren't American citizens?"
"askreddit"	"people who should be working right now, why arent you?"
"gaming"	"Necromancers everyday problems"
"funny"	"1980-something!"
"worldnews"	"Hit-and-run victim was so badly injured she lost SIXTY-FIVE pints of blood and reverted to a five-year-old"
"the_donald"	"🐸&gt; Jake Tapper"
"askreddit"	"What was your first car?"
"the_donald"	"\"Hate speech is not tolerated in this sub\" - MarchAgainstTrump, top kek."
"the_donald"	"Jakarta governor sentenced to two years prison for blasphemy"
"gaming"	"Mass Effect pendants on MASSIVE sale. Strict limit of 3 per person."
"askreddit"	"Women of Reddit, what are all of the qualities you think make women more qualified to be president compared to a man?"
"askreddit"	"What is the weirdest thing you've ever done while sleepwalking?"
"the_donald"	"Dumb liberals get owned so the only way to \"win\" is to ban me LUL"
"askreddit"	"Besides Firefly or Freaks and Geeks, what canceled TV show do you miss most?"
"askreddit"	"How would the world be different if truth serum existed?"
"gaming"	"Adorable \"Cosplay\""
"pics"	"Driving in Sydney"
"worldnews"	"Monsanto accused of hiring army of trolls to silence online dissent – court papers"
"the_donald"	"Not going to the White House"
"funny"	"Been waiting to post this!"
"worldnews"	"Putin says WW2 started due to disunity of world’s leading countries, calls on world to unite"
"the_donald"	"Unicorn"
"askreddit"	"What is your favourite G-rated insult?"
"the_donald"	"It's terrible to hear the outcome of the French Election but let's find a way to help them..."
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, which of the following is your favourite to put in a kebab: Beef, Lamb or Chicken and why?"
"askreddit"	"What is the riskiest click you clicked?"
"the_donald"	"Draw me like one of your French girls."
"askreddit"	"What are your biggest weaknesses?"
"askreddit"	"Conversely, what will future generations be missing out on from this generation?"
"askreddit"	"What joke is so corny, that it's good?"
"askreddit"	"If you could wake up tomorrow in the body of someone else who would you pick and what would you do?"
"worldnews"	"U.S. Senate hearing told Trump team was warned Flynn 'could be blackmailed' by Russia - World"
"the_donald"	"SO MUCH KEK"
"funny"	"Its a proud moment"
"the_donald"	"Stop chewing the cod of mindless platitudes over and over again."
"askreddit"	"What present did you not receive, but really want at the time?"
"funny"	"REVISING FOR MY END OF SEMESTER EXAMS THEN THIS!"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Holocaust skeptics: What one fact would you need to be proven in order for you to 100% believe in the events that occurred during the Holocaust?"
"askreddit"	"Everyone of reddit, what are your personal life goals and dreams?"
"askreddit"	"What strange things have you seen in the dark?"
"askreddit"	"Which actors/actresses disappeared just as quick as they became popular?"
"gaming"	"Call of duty 4 modern warfare on low end pc!"
"askreddit"	"What is your hidden talent?"
"the_donald"	"The new mafia."
"askreddit"	"What was it like when you sneaked out of school?"
"askreddit"	"What is the biggest lie you've been telling people for such a long time that it has become second nature?"
"the_donald"	"Stop whining"
"pics"	"This guy sat on his hair"
"pics"	"A very young John Candy hanging out with Bill Murray"
"askreddit"	"What is quietly being eradicated?"
"askreddit"	"What did you call your grandparents?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what are the popular people from your high school doing now?"
"worldnews"	"Islamic State video shows beheading of Russian intelligence agent"
"the_donald"	"There is officially zero evidence of collusion between Trump and Russia, but there is however this:"
"the_donald"	"Apparently the ACLU is now a military review board."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what is one fact that sounds like bullshit but is actually true?"
"worldnews"	"Imran Khan's party to sue Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif for allegedly taking money from Osama bin Laden"
"the_donald"	"Enhanced!"
"funny"	"A family in India waits for the train with their washing machine."
"funny"	"It's the attempt that counts"
"askreddit"	"What's the most embarrassing thing you've said or done in front of a teacher/instructor/professor of yours?"
"askreddit"	"What is the funniest G-rated joke you know?"
"askreddit"	"What's your biggest achievement so far?"
"askreddit"	"What does the flower reaction on Facebook mean and how do you get it?"
"gaming"	"BATTLEFIELD 1 NETCODE IN A NUTSHELL"
"askreddit"	"What was the golden era of your field?"
"gaming"	"Can't wait"
"pics"	"Everyone is so impressed by these birds, but no one has said anything about the dragon in the corner. Maybe he's come to eat the birds."
"askreddit"	"What are some interesting immigration stories about your family/friends?"
"gaming"	"CoD: MW Remastered - n00b tube compilation"
"worldnews"	"EU citizens shy away from jobs in the UK"
"gaming"	"The Last of Us steelbook cover remains my favourite of all time. The hope in Elie's eyes and the anger on Joel's face says it all."
"the_donald"	"When the Super Male Vitality kicks in..."
"pics"	"Is this a small waterfall, or taken far away?"
"askreddit"	"Where do you find meaning in life? [Serious]"
"askreddit"	"What happened that time when your human instinct kicked in?"
"askreddit"	"What is the \"Don't stick your dick in crazy\" rule for other stuff?"
"the_donald"	"Guys we need to stop the hate!"
"askreddit"	"What movies always give you the feels?"
"pics"	"Cool night sky over Pakenham, Australia"
"askreddit"	"What are the greatest songs that celebrate black women?"
"gaming"	"What do you guys prefer PC or console?"
"pics"	"Gentle Monaco"
"gaming"	"Call Of Duty Ghosts Cheat Hacker"
"the_donald"	"Apparently Jimmy Carter (regarded as the lamest president in modern history) voted for Sanders, and Sanders people are proud of it. I say it's just further proof of just how unlikable Hillary was"
"askreddit"	"What 3 wishes would you ask a genie?"
"askreddit"	"People that have sex in public, what was your close call to being caught?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit what makes you just say \"fuck this\"?"
"funny"	"Err... thanks, Google?"
"askreddit"	"Which two people, real or fictional, would have the best hate sex?"
"askreddit"	"What is your go-to snack?"
"the_donald"	"Let Us Draw Donald Trump"
"the_donald"	"Michael isn't adjusting well"
"pics"	"Fitting in"
"funny"	"How to get a free ride from the Po Po: From BTPD Police Blotter 5/5/17."
"the_donald"	"HOLY SHIT CANADA IS SO CUCKED!!!"
"the_donald"	"Apparently Jimmy Carter (regarded as the lamest president in modern history) voted for Sanders, and Sanders people are proud of it. Really it's just further proof of how unlikable Hillary was"
"askreddit"	"What are your biggest strengths?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most embarrassing thing someone had said to you in front of your parents?"
"gaming"	"Trying PlayerUnknown's BattleGrounds for the first time."
"askreddit"	"How would you invest 200k dollars with the aim to live of the profits (retire) ?"
"funny"	"Looking Up"
"gaming"	"motorcycle_racing [1547x929]"
"pics"	"Me on top of the South World Trade Center Tower a couple years before 9/11, 2001."
"pics"	"Lady In Nepal [3456*4020]"
"askreddit"	"What's the most common comment in Reddit threads?"
"askreddit"	"what is a photobooth and why it id used??"
"askreddit"	"If people were related by their first names rather than their last, what family would have the most awkward reunion?"
"the_donald"	"Honest mistake"
"the_donald"	"MememoREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESPhoto taken around the time of side of beef's collapse which coincided with Pepe being labeled racist hate speech and the discovery of SHADILAY!"
"askreddit"	"You have decided to destroy humanity, but you want to do it with a minimal effort. How do you do it?"
"gaming"	"Can we just stop with nostalgic posts?"
"askreddit"	"What's a little known fact about yourself that you wish would come up in conversation more often?"
"askreddit"	"What's the 'scroll lock key' of other industries?"
"the_donald"	"Cop - Black Lives Matter Protesters are THRASH !! BLEED BLUE !!"
"the_donald"	"Stupidity"
"askreddit"	"What things have you learned that proved to be much, much more useful than you initially thought they were later in life?"
"askreddit"	"If you suddenly became famous and could become a spokesperson for any product that you actually use,what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"Liberals will say I'm \"Islamaphobic\""
"the_donald"	"No compost, you are dead."
"askreddit"	"What are the strongest views that you have held that, when confronted by evidence to the contrary, you have changed your opinion about?"
"askreddit"	"If you could choose one film to erase from your memory and watch again for the first time, what film would you choose?"
"programming"	"Project Workflow using GitHub Pull Request Templates"
"the_donald"	"Resistance"
"funny"	"Art on internet"
"gaming"	"Et tu Sparrow?"
"gaming"	"Should I play Lollipop chainsaw for the xbox 360 or ps3"
"programming"	"LISP meta programming for C++ developers, using Clojure: first macros"
"the_donald"	"Look at this garbage \"if a terrorist attack happens it's TRUMPS FAULT FOR NOT PREVENTING IT\""
"askreddit"	"In terms of romantic relationship, is there such a thing whereby someone is out of your league?"
"worldnews"	"Erdogan calls on Muslims to flood Jerusalem's iconic mosque and protect its Islamic identity"
"worldnews"	"Islamic State says it beheads Russian officer in Syria: SITE"
"gaming"	"There should be an unofficial 'steam game blacklist' that lists games where devs neglect, scam or abuse their playerbase."
"askreddit"	"What do you consider to be your biggest professional achievement?"
"askreddit"	"Men: do you think you should be the biggest earner in your home, and if so, are you? What if your wife made more money than you??"
"the_donald"	"\"They are not sending their best\". Serial killer caught: Aaron Juan Saucedo"
"worldnews"	"Democratic Party candidate Moon Jae-in prevails in exit poll for South Korean presidential elections"
"askreddit"	"What is your unusual medical condition? What is it? How do you cope with it?"
"the_donald"	"Some Pepe poetry"
"askreddit"	"How do you get rid of re-occurring ringworm?"
"askreddit"	"What's the brokest y'all have been?"
"askreddit"	"Americans of reddit, what's a culture shock you experienced when visiting other states?"
"funny"	"Peanut stuck in my ear canal!!!"
"the_donald"	"And Unpologetic. And a cuck. And..."
"gaming"	"Survival Game"
"askreddit"	"What cereal have you eaten the most of in your lifetime?"
"the_donald"	"Lit Julian Assange to securocrats: Wikileaks is 2 legit 2 quit. 🔥🔥🔥🔥"
"the_donald"	"\"Women are always at fault when they're raped!\""
"pics"	"Opalized Tree Branch from Indonesia. 1119CT"
"askreddit"	"Celebrities of Reddit why are you such a douche?"
"worldnews"	"Moon Jae-in is poised to take power in South Korea, a leading exit poll showed, as voters sought an end to nine years of conservative rule marred by the country’s biggest street protests since the 1980s."
"gaming"	"Horizon Zero Dawn - Fog Atmosphere"
"the_donald"	"Remember when they said Trump wouldnt accept losing..."
"the_donald"	"Should we help them?"
"pics"	"Lake Geneva, Switzerland, near Chateau Chillon"
"the_donald"	"Not a racist, just homophobic, unapologetic, and still a cuck."
"askreddit"	"Parents of Reddit, do you regret your decision? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite videogame Easter egg?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary Clinton’s email scandal — the hit that keeps on coming"
"the_donald"	"What I like best about our Muslim guests is their gratefulness."
"the_donald"	"Danish buses are waving the European Flag after Macron win."
"the_donald"	"Moon Jae-in is South Korea's new president. He's a liberal and not a warhawk (read: neo-con) on North Korea...Will be very interesting. I always thought the neo-cons who were trying to trick President Trump into bombing North Korea..."
"funny"	"This article about Melvin Doo"
"askreddit"	"People who have been clinically dead for a short period of time, what's your story?"
"askreddit"	"Tell me about the last time a co-worker or customer got angry with you. What happened?"
"the_donald"	"The new Prime minister of France and her personal Gigolo..."
"pics"	"Oh Snap for AnakinsLegs"
"askreddit"	"What dessert is not vegan?"
"funny"	"💖"
"the_donald"	"MemoRIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!Photo taken around the time of the collapse of side of beef which coincided with the labeling of PEPE as racist hate speech and the discovery of SHADILAY. Long live KEK!"
"the_donald"	"We will overthrow Trump"
"funny"	"Guy gets shutdownin YouTube comments."
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest thing you've done while going about your day on autopilot?"
"worldnews"	"Liberal 'wins South Korean presidency'"
"the_donald"	"Double standards"
"the_donald"	"Judgenap: I wish the \"ringmaster of the unmasking,\" Susan Rice, was at the Senate hearing yesterday"
"the_donald"	"PEPE: 2 LEGIT 2 QUIT"
"askreddit"	"What one time chance you had did you not take and now regret it?"
"gaming"	"So I guess Prey is not that good of a game"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what joke are you going to hell for knowing?"
"funny"	"No seriously..."
"the_donald"	"Ron Paul: Common Sense From Trumps Labor Secretary, Andy Puzder."
"askreddit"	"What's a lesser known conspiracy theory that you wholeheartedly believe?"
"funny"	"I call him dad - a recent storyteller's event in Munich, Germany"
"gaming"	"What franchise do you think has the best spin offs? What series do you feel could have some great ones?"
"the_donald"	"Test post can you see this?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most thing you regret doing?"
"askreddit"	"Redditors whom have met their heroes, what happened?"
"askreddit"	"Atheists, what was your religion of upbringing and what incident (if any) led you to solidify your belief that God doesn't exist?"
"askreddit"	"How was your experience in university to those who studied science?"
"programming"	"Crafting in Java \"Facade pattern squeezed\" - my first programming blog and post (some advices would be helpful)"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is it like (Unexpected costs, company expectations, management difficulties, etc.) to open a fast food franchise?"
"worldnews"	"Moon Jae-in, who is in favour of talks with the North, wins South Korean presidency"
"the_donald"	"Spicy Ben Garrison - Get It While It's Hot!"
"askreddit"	"Teachers of Reddit - What is the weirdest thing a student asked you?"
"funny"	"Hippity Hoppity..."
"the_donald"	"And a great portion of 21st-century America’s problems are the result of our having tolerated ‘tolerance’ to the point that we have completely accommodated stupidity."
"askreddit"	"If you could see any celebrity naked (in the flesh) who whould it be?"
"the_donald"	"Petition to kill every white male. Breathe to sign"
"askreddit"	"What's the best way you got back at a bf/gf/wife/husband who cheated?"
"pics"	"Arch bridge"
"askreddit"	"People of Brighton, England/People who have visted Brighton, where are your favourite places to eat?"
"askreddit"	"What is your First Rule?"
"funny"	"My friend got this though the letter box about a week ago"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING NEWS: South Korean presidential election won by liberal, Moon Jae-in, who is in favour of talks with the North"
"the_donald"	"Based Jay Towers almost referred to the Trump administration as the \"Trump Train\" live on fox 2 detroit"
"worldnews"	"Facebook removes accounts in fight against fake news"
"the_donald"	"Watching Forensic Files on Netflix when suddenly"
"askreddit"	"Hopeless romantics of reddit, what's the most cringe thing you have done for love?"
"askreddit"	"What are your sources for the climate change being a hoax?"
"the_donald"	"Report: Top Trump administration officials postponed tomorrow's Paris #climate accord meeting, bc of Rex Tillerson absence. IT'S HAPPENING! WE'RE PULLING OUT!!!!"
"pics"	"Jazz concert beneath a glacier (French Alps)"
"pics"	"King of the pride"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors with reasonable experience in dating and long term relationships, what feelings and memories are predominant when you remember your past partners?"
"askreddit"	"What it your craziest story involving road rage with another driver?"
"worldnews"	"Court issues final ruling reinstating Skakel conviction"
"worldnews"	"Venezuelans Accused of \"Rebellion\" and “Insulting Authorities” Are Hauled Into Secretive Military Courts"
"worldnews"	"South Korea presidency 'won by liberal Moon Jae-in'"
"worldnews"	"Pepe the Frog Is Dead, or So His Creator Hopes"
"askreddit"	"What is the best excuse to not go on a date?"
"worldnews"	"Why Did This Book Cause So Much Controversy In Israel?"
"askreddit"	"What movie frustrated you? Why?"
"askreddit"	"People who are always late for work, how do you justify it?"
"funny"	"KKK Dating"
"gaming"	"Any ideas on the best place to get a GameCube?"
"the_donald"	"The Onion files bankruptcy. Can no longer keep ahead of reality."
"funny"	"Wow, TMobile is now on the list"
"worldnews"	"Pepe the Frog, mascot of the alt-right, dead at 12"
"askreddit"	"Why do l always weigh less the day after eating pizza?"
"askreddit"	"What is/was the most irritating fad of your generation?"
"the_donald"	"Report: Cucks in panic mode as rumors swirl that Trump is about to pull out of Paris climate accord."
"askreddit"	"What's something that tastes exactly the way it feels?"
"askreddit"	"What happened that made your parents realise you're insane?"
"askreddit"	"Where's the best place to vacation in your experience, and when is the best time to go? What do you love about it?"
"askreddit"	"What store/chain is going downhill really fast?"
"askreddit"	"What do you envision for the future of Information Technology?"
"the_donald"	"Just here to trigger the weak minded"
"funny"	"I made a burger for dinner and found an image of Jesus on my bun."
"gaming"	"Should I switch from Xbox to PlayStation ?"
"the_donald"	"Antifa and ISIS"
"askreddit"	"What is a home remedy you swear by?"
"funny"	"My sometimes have to drastic measures"
"pics"	"Attitude"
"worldnews"	"Progressive Alliance: Labour Party expels long-standing activists for organising bid to oust Jeremy Hunt"
"the_donald"	"wtf side of beef has infiltrated Pokémon go. \"Pokémon go to the polls\" was not her last attempt to connect to young (human living) people."
"the_donald"	"communism is unworkable when people have freedom of speech.. (i now understand why my ancestors fled europe) austria, and the rest of europe is in deep trouble"
"the_donald"	"France added to travel ban???"
"askreddit"	"What are some good narcissism jokes you know?"
"askreddit"	"What are some good anxiety jokes you know?"
"askreddit"	"Who makes the best frozen pizza?"
"askreddit"	"Hey Reddit, If you could get rid of one cultural norm, what would it be and why?"
"gaming"	"Homemade blankets from our daycare provider!"
"the_donald"	"Trump moves to get more conservatives on federal bench"
"askreddit"	"What is something that you are confident happens to you ONLY?"
"funny"	"It's cause of people like this I was able to get off the streets."
"askreddit"	"People, who listen to their music out loud in public why?"
"worldnews"	"Palestinian president Abbas ready to meet Netanyahu with Trump"
"askreddit"	"What do you think about most often ?"
"askreddit"	"What's it mean if a girl is so beautiful guys can't even approach her?"
"pics"	"Hippity Hoppity..."
"pics"	"What I get to witness on my way home from work on a Autumn night in Australia"
"the_donald"	"QUIT YOUR BULLSHIT: banned yet can still post 7 hours later..."
"the_donald"	"\"Resist\" reminds me of \"Hope and change\" a meaningless blank slate"
"askreddit"	"What could you do within the next minute that would completely ruin your life?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what are your worst roommate stories?"
"askreddit"	"What does cheese go well with?"
"the_donald"	"Duterte warns Soros: There is a bounty on your head. TOP KEK"
"funny"	"My friend had this though the letter box about a week ago"
"askreddit"	"Who's your favorite hobby?"
"worldnews"	"10 South Korean children killed in China bus crash Channel"
"the_donald"	"NYT: Comey and FBI trying to walk back Comey's testimony that Human forwarded 1000's of emails to Weiner."
"the_donald"	"Is this sub satire?"
"pics"	"I heard you guys like high altitude balloon views, so here’s a shot from mine of the Northern Lights blazing across the sky"
"funny"	"A lot of men will not be amused"
"askreddit"	"What do you like to do outside of work?"
"gaming"	"Modern gaming."
"the_donald"	"Wtf side of beef has infiltrated Pokémon go! Her \"Pokémon go to the polls\" was not just another pathetic attempt to connect to young (human) people. #resist her ruining Pokémon!"
"askreddit"	"If you grew up speaking spanish and english, how do your thoughts sound or are they in spanglish?"
"the_donald"	"IT WAS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE! FBI and Comey trying to weasel out of Comey's testimony that Huma forwarded 1000's of emails to Weiner."
"the_donald"	"California may end ban on communists in government jobs"
"askreddit"	"How do we know theres a level of goodness that god judges into heaven vs god judges on a bell curve to motivate competition to live a better life than those who slide by with a just good enough life?"
"askreddit"	"A snail is at the bottom of a 30-foot well. Each day he climbs up three feet, but at night he slips back two feet. How many days will it take him to climb out of the well?"
"funny"	"Lights out"
"askreddit"	"Should Michael Flynn be locked up? Why or why not?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors with medical background, what are some less known / strange things that happen to the body after death?"
"askreddit"	"Which bird you have never seen before would you like to see?"
"the_donald"	"When you can trust no one"
"funny"	"Dunk"
"worldnews"	"The Latest: South Korea exit polls see win for liberal Moon"
"the_donald"	"Seven migrants (6 from Syria, 1 Libya) have gone on trial in Germany for attempted murder over a Christmas day attack on a homeless man. They lit a newspaper he was covering himself with on fire."
"askreddit"	"Women of reddit, what are your views on masturbation?"
"worldnews"	"French Socialist former Prime Minister Manuel Valls has said he wants to sign up to President-elect Emmanuel Macron's party to fight next month's parliamentary elections."
"the_donald"	"\"When Is It OK To Kill Whites?\" THE HELL?!?! This guy teaches at Texas A&amp;M!! Liberalism at Universities as gotten completely out of hand!!"
"the_donald"	"Lol, is Obama really writing a fictional book called, \"The President is Missing\"? After 8 years of Obama, this will be an autobiography.."
"the_donald"	"The soft bigotry of low expectations"
"worldnews"	"11 South Korean children killed in China bus crash"
"worldnews"	"Germany arrests second soldier in alleged far-right plot"
"the_donald"	"Bill Mitchell: My local restaurant just changed the name of their \"Nothing Burger\" to \"The Yates.\""
"askreddit"	"Redditors who are good at small talk and speaking with new people, what's your personal secret?"
"askreddit"	"If you could change the outcome of any one event in your life without creating negative consequences, what would it be?"
"askreddit"	"What tabs do you keep open to look busy, while browsing Reddit on work?"
"programming"	"Build a Better Monster: Morality, Machine Learning, and Mass Surveillance"
"askreddit"	"What are some tips for going on a 7 day cruise?"
"askreddit"	"What is one weird thing you routinely do that you think nobody else does?"
"gaming"	"Horizon Zero Dawn - Thunderjaw Freeze"
"the_donald"	"Brits, this is the shit your TV license is being spent on... Dafuq."
"the_donald"	"[idea] Make the downvote button a picture of David Brock"
"askreddit"	"Why does Internet hates nickel back so much?"
"askreddit"	"Men/Women of Reddit, what's the best way to ask a girl/man out for the first time?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you wish the opposite gender could experience?"
"the_donald"	"Preach Politics from the Pulpit"
"funny"	"When people say crocs are dead. CAN YOUR SHOES DO THIS, I DIDNT THINK SO"
"the_donald"	"Bill Mitchell on Twitter: Lol, is Obama really writing a fictional book called, \"The President is Missing\"? After 8 years of Obama, this will be an autobiography.."
"the_donald"	"TIL circumsexual is a \"new sexual orientation\". IDK what it even is supposed to be (it's probably a mental disorder)."
"the_donald"	"Smarmy Comey trying to weasel out of his testimony that Huma forwarded 1000's of emails to Weiner's laptop."
"askreddit"	"Redditors with English as their second language, what's that one English word you never remember how to spell correctly?"
"askreddit"	"What is something you would tell the younger you to never do?"
"funny"	"me🐸irl"
"worldnews"	"UN: Up to 245 missing after 2 Mediterranean shipwrecks"
"askreddit"	"What are the worst and cringiest tattoos you've ever seen?"
"funny"	"How life snatches your happiness away"
"askreddit"	"What are two truths and a lie about yourself?"
"funny"	"My mom takes drastic measures sometimes."
"pics"	"The first thing I saw on my trip to New York. She was so happy!"
"the_donald"	"Bill Mitchell on Twitter: My local restaurant just changed the name of their \"Nothing Burger\" to \"The Yates.\""
"worldnews"	"South Korea Presidential Election: Exit Poll Points to Liberal Party Candidate: Moon Jae-in win"
"the_donald"	"Democrats Critique Their Party, ‘If We Hadn’t Been Caught Lying, We’d Be Running the Country Right Now’"
"the_donald"	"Typical. Leftist don't want to take responsibility for their actions."
"the_donald"	"SJW harasses college students enjoying Cinco de Mayo"
"the_donald"	"👌 Stuttering Omar Ja twat wanted to set a precedent to weaken national security, got handed a precedent to BTFO!👌"
"the_donald"	"John Pedosta weighs in on Frances new vice president, Macron."
"worldnews"	"Prisoner of North Korea: An American safe at home shares his ordeal"
"the_donald"	"Share a Nazi drink with someone you love."
"pics"	"The makers of this sticky tape think the starter sticker is just for aesthetics - 10 wasted minutes of my life I want back..."
"the_donald"	"Please tell me this is a joke. PLEASE"
"the_donald"	"Denying Reality: University’s Diversity Training Course Suggests That It’s Racist to Expect Foreigners to Show up on Time"
"the_donald"	"Enjoying Your Freedom?"
"askreddit"	"What do you understand perfectly, but cannot explain for your life?"
"askreddit"	"Women of reddit who have suffered domestic violence, at what stage did you decide to get out?"
"askreddit"	"What do you find frustrating?"
"askreddit"	"Con artists of Reddit what got you in this line of work? How young were you when you started and do you have any regrets?"
"worldnews"	"Jakarta governor sentenced to 2 years prison for blasphemy"
"pics"	"Song Lyrics as Typography [OC]"
"askreddit"	"What's the brokest you've ever been and did you fix it? How?"
"gaming"	"i searched on google leon s kennedy and this i found."
"the_donald"	"Teen Filmed Assaulting Elderly Woman At Pool Party Turns Himself In After Being Outed Online"
"askreddit"	"What is the most heartbreaking thing you have seen?"
"funny"	"My friend accidentally superglued a cockroach to his kitchen table"
"the_donald"	"Favorite pic of Women's march Spicy!"
"the_donald"	"Finally \"Default\" subreddits are being phased out - created a new account and wasn't auto-subbed to 50 cancerous subreddits!"
"askreddit"	"What was the best mistake you ever made?"
"worldnews"	"French election 2017: Meet Brigitte Macron, the new first lady"
"pics"	"Underwater With A Seadragon . . . Australia"
"askreddit"	"How are you today?"
"the_donald"	"California moves to let Communists work in government"
"askreddit"	"What is surprisingly NOT bullshit ?"
"askreddit"	"What weird thing does your SO do that you find cute?"
"the_donald"	"Let's play a game Pedes. Guy, girl, or serial killer? You can pick up to two options."
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What is the most thing you regret doing?"
"the_donald"	"Please tell me this is a joke. PLEASE"
"askreddit"	"What is your best trail mix recipe?"
"the_donald"	"POTUS to meet with McMaster at 10 am today. Dum dee dum dum."
"worldnews"	"5 lions escape from a South African wildlife park"
"pics"	"While on a run, this goat started following me... And kept up for 2 miles (before being picked up by its owners)"
"the_donald"	"What a sexist!"
"askreddit"	"If you had to teach someone one thing, what would it be?"
"the_donald"	"ISLAMIC JUSTICE: Britain Is Stunned When They Discover How Many Secret Sharia Courts Are Operating In UK"
"the_donald"	"Failing Washington post is spreading FAKE NEWS again. REEEEE"
"pics"	"Mmm, my favourite fragrance."
"gaming"	"A song about console's."
"the_donald"	"Mark Dice on Twitter: Twitter just made me delete a post of a meme that said there are only two genders. hahaha! It was \"hateful.\" #Orwellian #Censorship"
"askreddit"	"What is your tick when doing things like brushing teeth or making a phone call ?"
"askreddit"	"What's the craziest thing your government has done?"
"askreddit"	"What did you do with your free time after college?"
"askreddit"	"In what ways have you had to change yourself for social acceptance?"
"gaming"	"Look how old you've become..."
"the_donald"	"Chelsea Clinton gets asked about her father."
"the_donald"	"ISIS beheads Russian intelligence officer in Syria - Hopefully Trump and Putin can cooperate to put an end to these evil sickos."
"funny"	"I'm not sure if that's the best way to keep calm"
"the_donald"	"Dont waste your time pedes it doesnt exist..."
"the_donald"	"It's ok for the left"
"the_donald"	"Today @ 1:30 pm TT: Press Briefing with Press Secretary Sean Spicer"
"the_donald"	"Today @ 4:00 pm TT: Vice President Pence Hosts Military Families Celebrating National Military Spouse Appreciation Day"
"askreddit"	"What is a fun simple harmless prank that won't get me beaten up?"
"askreddit"	"What harmless scam have you pulled off?"
"the_donald"	"So whatever happened to #MacronLeaks?"
"the_donald"	"How are those gun laws working out for you Rahm? Chicago PD being warned about gangs with high powered rifles."
"askreddit"	"Have you ever forged a signature before? If so why?"
"the_donald"	"Obama Speechwriters Litt, Lovett, Favreau YUCK IT UP About 'You Can Keep..."
"the_donald"	"Vote manipulation? Why, isn't that a bannable offense?"
"askreddit"	"What is the one thing that can ruin your relationship?"
"the_donald"	"Today is May 9th, Victory Day, when REAL fascists were brought down."
"askreddit"	"You can replace an existing country by a fictional one. Which 2 do you choose and why?"
"worldnews"	"U.N.: Nearly 250 missing in Mediterranean shipwrecks"
"pics"	"The Motorcycle In Bangkok, Thailand"
"funny"	"Seemed like the obvious answer"
"gaming"	"IGN new version of their iOS app is really nice"
"funny"	"WHAT IS THIS ?"
"the_donald"	"Typical. Leftist doesn't want to take responsibility for his actions."
"askreddit"	"What's the fastest way to die?"
"pics"	"No DNA test needed."
"pics"	"My favorite pic of my sister's dog and my dog, playing."
"askreddit"	"What are the most important things to you in life?"
"askreddit"	"What is the method of voting used in your Country?"
"gaming"	"Become The Tree :P | PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS"
"askreddit"	"How are you today?"
"askreddit"	"You're going on a heroes journey, what would be a couple of songs on your journey's playlist?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What are the worst betrayals that have happened to you or you have done?"
"gaming"	"Uni assignment on gaming!"
"askreddit"	"What's a random question that you have always wanted answered but so far you haven't found the answer to?"
"funny"	"My local smoke shop has business cards, this is on the back"
"askreddit"	"If you could describe yourself using just a character from a movie, what character would you be?"
"askreddit"	"What subreddit has done a complete 180 on how it used to be?"
"gaming"	"My beer says half life 3 confirmed"
"pics"	"So much like the same gosh darn thing"
"askreddit"	"What is your ideal self? What does it mean to be your highest self?"
"askreddit"	"What was the biggest misclick of your life?"
"askreddit"	"There's Cat Logic and there's Dog Logic. What's an example of Human Logic?"
"askreddit"	"What is a movie that emotionally effected you?"
"askreddit"	"What are some of the red flags your ex displayed and how did you react in response?"
"programming"	"How analog photography made me a better developer."
"the_donald"	"Anonymous warns world to ‘prepare’ for World War 3"
"worldnews"	"Germany army: New arrest over alleged anti-migrant plot"
"pics"	"Handmade Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 2 poster in Russia"
"the_donald"	"If progressives believe gender is fluid, then why not race?: Progressives argue that we ought to support those who identify with a racial group other than the one into which they were born just as we support transgender people"
"askreddit"	"what national holiday in mexico has picnickers munching chocolates coffins and sugar skull?"
"gaming"	"Master Ken video game advert"
"the_donald"	"Who's feeling great - and even a little smug - after yesterday's Hearing?"
"pics"	"This kid will master carpentry before he can talk"
"the_donald"	"ADL claims \"100%\" is White supremacist symbol???"
"the_donald"	"*cries softly* (again)"
"the_donald"	"Muslims voted overwhelmingly for Macron: 92 percent"
"the_donald"	"Wondering why MarchAgainstTrump is being shilled so hard? - A few days definitive proof was provided that these Anti-Trump shill subs were vote manipulating"
"askreddit"	"If you could make a 30 second speech to the entire world, what would you say?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best MEME?"
"askreddit"	"What company/product do you not understand people's extreme loyalty to?"
"askreddit"	"What old legends (i.e; famous ancestors, cool stories) does your family have?"
"the_donald"	"PAUL RYAN on FOX AND FRIENDS REFUSES BACON!"
"the_donald"	"Reminder: France elected a cuck and now we can walk all over them for even better trade deals. Also, Trump likely to leave Paris Agreement."
"worldnews"	"South Korea exit polls forecast win for human rights lawyer Moon Jae-in"
"the_donald"	"*sobs*"
"the_donald"	"Six Conundrums Of Socialism"
"askreddit"	"If you could *rewatch* one movie or one TV show for one last time, what would it be?"
"gaming"	"Skyrim evening"
"the_donald"	"Exclusive: BuzzFeed Tricked Into Publishing Fake News Story"
"worldnews"	"Fox &amp; Friends guest blasts lack of white people at Macron victory rally"
"the_donald"	"Which is it!? Collusion with Russian Communists is bad, or Communists in government are ok - dammit California."
"askreddit"	"What was the worst mistake you've seen in a movie?"
"the_donald"	"Long Island Sheriff Blames Obama for Rise of MS-13"
"askreddit"	"What's a weird coincidence you know about?"
"the_donald"	"Searching for Jihadis"
"the_donald"	"Two explosions have rocked popular tourist destination Pattani, in the south of Thailand"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Excluding political/hate group subs, what is the worst subreddit and why?"
"askreddit"	"What is a misheard line in a song that you can't unhear?"
"askreddit"	"What's something that's technically true but extremely misleading?"
"the_donald"	"Sen. Feinstein under fire for exposing classified info! Well done!"
"askreddit"	"Gay people of Reddit, how did you come to the realization that you were a homosexual?"
"askreddit"	"How much would you pay to use Google if there were no other search engines and that happened to be the normal thing?"
"funny"	"With the price of tickets these days, I am not surprised"
"the_donald"	"Sally Yates kept saying, \"The Russians\" this, \"The Russians\" that, \"The Russians\" did this, \"The Russians\" knew that. Such precise, meticulous, scholarly testimony from Obama's AG."
"pics"	"A confused European"
"askreddit"	"What was your worst timing for having to go to the bathroom?"
"the_donald"	"DON'T Panic. We have a Bill Nye replacement."
"pics"	"Alexander Hamilton's Slogan Probably"
"pics"	"Dirty glitch in the Matrix. I could almost read the code"
"askreddit"	"What are the best movies with a comedian surprisingly playing a serious role?"
"the_donald"	"A Tour Down Homicide Lane, As Baltimore Descends Into Chaos"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Have any of you been admitted to psychiatric ward? What do you think was the cause and how was your experience?"
"the_donald"	"Today's Lesson will be...."
"the_donald"	"California Passes Bill Allowing Communists to Work in Government"
"funny"	"When I wake up hungover and my SO kisses me before leaving for work."
"worldnews"	"Germany army: New arrest over alleged anti-migrant plot"
"askreddit"	"You have three questions to ask anyone who has ever lived on earth, who do you choose and what are the questions?"
"the_donald"	"Rarely seen video: Donald Trump listening to Taylor Swift while driving his Rolls-Royce with Barron and Melania"
"funny"	"Pixar wants their lamp back"
"worldnews"	"On Camera: When A Lion Attacked Keeper, Grabbed Him By The Throat"
"askreddit"	"What's the most confusing/strangest place you've woken up?"
"worldnews"	"Blues and moos: Indian state launches cow ambulance service"
"funny"	"My New IPHONE 7"
"askreddit"	"What Askreddit topic is reposted the most often?"
"pics"	"When you think there's two pictures..."
"askreddit"	"What are the most common mistakes your cat makes in bed?"
"askreddit"	"What are people's attitude to drugs in comparison with alcohol?"
"the_donald"	"The_Donald... Guys. GUYS.... ROB SCHNEIDER."
"funny"	"This unphotosopped photo"
"askreddit"	"What's the luckiest thing that has happened to you?"
"the_donald"	"Hey! Lavrov to meet Tillerson in DC tomorrow, so REX ISN'T GOING TO PARIS AFTER ALL! HAHAHAHAHA!"
"the_donald"	"CNN BREAKING NEWS: Investigators now believe Russia forced doctors to leave Obamacare which is why you can't keep your doctor. Will update if we learn more"
"askreddit"	"What are some red flags during the talking phase?"
"askreddit"	"What is a fun harmless prank that won't get my ass beat?"
"askreddit"	"If Every Upvote Gave One Dollar to the Poster, What Would Reddit Turn Into?"
"askreddit"	"What are the greatest mysteries of the last 60 years?"
"pics"	"Real-life chocolate factory in Noisel, France"
"askreddit"	"Where can we find about bandar togel online?"
"the_donald"	"HAHAHA! TOP KEKS TRICK FAILING PILE OF GARBAGE BUZZFEED INTO PUBLISHING FAKE NEWS STORY... AGAIN"
"pics"	"Stop Whining"
"pics"	"Sun behind High Roller Observation Wheel, Las Vegas"
"askreddit"	"American Teenagers, what are your car insurance prices?"
"pics"	"Real-life chocolate factory in Noisiel, France"
"askreddit"	"What is your worst nightmare?"
"worldnews"	"Italian police seize 37 tons of drugs designed for ISIS in Libya"
"the_donald"	"CNN: Donald Trump is turning Democrats into conspiracy theorists."
"the_donald"	"Video: Italian Reporter Attacked by Migrants on Live TV"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]People that use 4chan, what is the difference between Reddit and 4chan?"
"gaming"	"My new coffee mug. Praise the Sun!"
"the_donald"	"So Sen. Feinstein exposed classified information in public that the FBI spent $900,000 to unlock San Bernardino shooter's phone. That's a 10 yr sentence."
"askreddit"	"Redditors who know about the 'circle' money app, is it a scam?"
"askreddit"	"What is a strange way to describe something when you can't think of the word?"
"funny"	"Sad but funny. How to deal with stress during the flooding. Martin Hensen (80) from Deux-Montagnes, QC."
"gaming"	"Nintendo Switch's eShop Now Lets You Store Credit Card Info"
"askreddit"	"If you weren't at work (or on Reddit) right now what would you want to be doing this instant?"
"the_donald"	"Now for Dessert"
"askreddit"	"[NSFW] What is the best definition on UrbanDictionary?"
"the_donald"	"Shariabucks"
"the_donald"	"Trump voters, name 1 negative thing about President Trump. Be honest here."
"pics"	"Plz..."
"askreddit"	"People who chose career over love or love over career, how did that turn out? Are you happy with your life as it is now?"
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] Military pilots of Reddit, what is/was your callsign and how did you get it?"
"funny"	"Welcome"
"pics"	"Putin, Flynn, and Stein at dinner."
"pics"	"A buddy of mine literally dodged a bullet last night. Story in comments."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, why didn't you bother to train your dog?"
"funny"	"A lot of men will not be amused"
"funny"	"How to make the BEST homemade granola!"
"pics"	"A piece of hail from the Denver hail storm yesterday"
"worldnews"	"Islamic State says it beheads Russian officer in Syria: SITE"
"the_donald"	"Get out my shed"
"the_donald"	"SUV Driver PLOWS Past Jihadists After They Try To Stop Him With Barricade!"
"askreddit"	"What's the most important lesson you've learnt thanks to Reddit?"
"the_donald"	"Hard to pay less than $0"
"pics"	"A nice lady from 1999"
"pics"	"3D Printed LEGO light switch cover"
"askreddit"	"Drawing Request NSFW"
"askreddit"	"What is your go-to answer to a question?"
"the_donald"	"New ANTIFA recruitment tactics"
"askreddit"	"Which is better to listen to – your heart or your brain?"
"pics"	"This upside-Down Fig tree has a strong will to live"
"askreddit"	"Hello Dog owners, what is your dog's irrational fear?"
"the_donald"	"ANTIFA message from Comrade Snowflakes"
"funny"	"How wonder women hides her sword"
"pics"	"Orange trees"
"the_donald"	"Fight us, North Korea"
"the_donald"	"Senate Democrats sliding into 'irrelevancy'"
"askreddit"	"Remove the primary character in a movie, and focus on the secondary character: What might the movie be about?"
"askreddit"	"What's a great “poor person” hobby ?"
"askreddit"	"Pet Owners: What's the strangest thing you do for your pet?"
"worldnews"	"South Korea election: Exit poll points to Moon Jae-in win"
"the_donald"	"It's a potty but true.."
"pics"	"Big Teddy Bear"
"the_donald"	"Exclusive: BuzzFeed Tricked Into Publishing Fake News Story"
"the_donald"	"Where’s The Beef? Still No Evidence of Collusion Between Russia and Trump Administration"
"askreddit"	"Long term Redditors, what are some reasons why you have had to stop using an old account and open a new one?"
"askreddit"	"What do you think of a girl with a flattish chest?"
"the_donald"	"The next president of France?"
"askreddit"	"Truckers of reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've witnessed on the road?"
"gaming"	"Mirage Rage"
"the_donald"	"My breakfast was Superior, but then i added a beverage to make it SUPREME"
"pics"	"Jet Powered Semi Truck"
"the_donald"	"North Korea has threatened to speed up its production of nuclear weapons after claiming the Trump administration’s plans for military action were a bluff"
"askreddit"	"What are some interesting rabbit holes, abstract ideas, or hypotheticals to think about when you're bored?"
"pics"	"How South Korean media depicted exit poll results of This year's Election"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] What would be your opinion on cutting or people who cut?"
"askreddit"	"What is your personal experience with getting lasik eye surgery?"
"askreddit"	"What is the best album by your favourite band?"
"askreddit"	"How would the world be different today if Nazi Germany had won the war?"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: This is a leaked pic of Thomas Perez's pick for the 2020 Democrat presidential candidate."
"askreddit"	"People who used Virtual Reality Glasses and psychedelics at the same time, how was the experience like and which psychedelic substance did you use?"
"pics"	"Pygmy Hippo Tusks"
"askreddit"	"Which is better: asking for permission or asking for forgiveness?"
"gaming"	"Who remembers this game?"
"the_donald"	"Chaos on edge of Europe: Hundreds of black migrants jump Spanish border fence - police injured"
"pics"	"Expressive eyes"
"askreddit"	"What search result changes drastically when you do \"Image Search\" compared to its normal results?"
"worldnews"	"UK Labour leader Corbyn: I won't quit if I lose election"
"the_donald"	"Robert De Niro Rants At Donald Trump's Arts Defunding: But he never offers to use any of his own millions to help. He just like spending other people's money."
"funny"	"Gay Gay the GetPlane"
"the_donald"	"Gone but not forgotten. Seth Rich murdered in the middle of the night."
"the_donald"	"Dunford, Israeli Leaders Discuss Regional Issues"
"askreddit"	"What's your favorite number?"
"askreddit"	"What daily routine should everyone do?"
"askreddit"	"If you were able to erase one person you've met out of your life, who would it be and why?"
"askreddit"	"What website is very well known but absolutely terrible?"
"funny"	"Want to go school why not ?"
"askreddit"	"What are some legitimate arguments for over versus under-hanging of toilet paper?"
"funny"	"Is using a Bow for Striking and Parrying in Melee Combat viable?"
"worldnews"	"Building a Vision of Heaven for Thailand’s ‘God’"
"askreddit"	"What is a total waste of money?"
"the_donald"	"I had a dream last night that Milo Yiannopoulos came over to my house with a few awesome dirt bikes, and we rode the dirt bikes around in the woods until it got dark"
"askreddit"	"What's the point in anything inc self improvement and evolution, when the worlds going to end in starvation and global warming related devastation?"
"askreddit"	"Which kids TV show/movie can be interpreted completely different when watched as an adult ?"
"funny"	"It's 4x4 Bro"
"askreddit"	"What was your first time getting drunk like? If you don't remember what where some of the things or stories you heard about you?"
"the_donald"	"Let's get a list of things worse than cancer going. I'll start."
"askreddit"	"What are some disadvantages of having a penis/vagina?"
"funny"	"Only in Morocco"
"funny"	"I hateee when this happens"
"pics"	"9 days from now, the Sun will rise aligned directly behind the statue on the roof (I first noticed this alignment in 2013)"
"funny"	"Took this awesome picture in italy."
"the_donald"	"Is this what liberals think when they see milk?"
"askreddit"	"If you were a super-villain, what would your master plan be?"
"the_donald"	"My local Antifa. Can we all stop by the page and leave a reveiw?"
"gaming"	"The Last of Us Part 2 (Mobile Background)"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING : Clapper Makes Stunning Admission About “Trump Dossier”"
"the_donald"	"Cuck McConnell says writing the health care bill won't be quick. Too bad you wasted the last 4 years without writing it. Rino McConnell is bottom of the barrel."
"pics"	"Best license plate ever?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite game?"
"funny"	"What that Purple Mattress Powder really is."
"funny"	"Best license plate ever?"
"the_donald"	"Hi, I'm former NBA player Steve Nash. Armed with a Hip &amp; Trendy Haircut and 2 MVP Trophies which I won for Tossing Basketballs to Teammates, I am now BRAINWASHING Millennials into believing that Trump Lacks the 'Credentials' to be President"
"askreddit"	"What's something we take for granted that we really shouldn't be?"
"the_donald"	"Normalizing Macron's relationship with his teacher, now wife, is EXACTLY THE SAME ARGUMENT THAT GOT MILO YIANNOPOULOS SHIT CANNED. Hypocrisy at its finest."
"askreddit"	"Knights of New, what's the weirdest stuff you've seen on the fringes of Reddit space?"
"askreddit"	"What's the best compliment you've recurved from a random stranger?"
"funny"	"Johnny started to text Paul Mc Cartney in Pirate language."
"askreddit"	"If your brain were a hard drive, what would be taking up the most space?"
"pics"	"Plaception – r/place made from 72 hours of snapshots and heatmaps of itself (higher-quality image in comments) [x-post from r/placenostalgia]"
"askreddit"	"What is the most outrageous excuse you've ever heard when someone was late for work/school/dinner/etc..?"
"askreddit"	"Who was your first love?"
"funny"	"Alexander Hamilton's Slogan Probably"
"the_donald"	"BREAKING: Reddit now Censoring P*** J***** W*****. Three Submissions Automatically Removed. SAD!"
"askreddit"	"What did you want to be growing up and what do you now do for a living instead?"
"askreddit"	"What is your plan in life for the next 5 years?"
"funny"	"Your browser passwords are WEAK."
"the_donald"	"FREE MY NIGGA FLYNN"
"the_donald"	"It's a pity but true.."
"askreddit"	"What is something someone has said to you that has stuck with you forever?"
"worldnews"	"Thousands of staff to be axed from classrooms because of cash crisis - with more cuts to come - 'In three years' time, when your child is being taught maths by a PE teacher, it will be too late,' says principal"
"the_donald"	"Poland is the last stronghold of European nationalism. Fuck the UN for threatening these patriots. #POLISHPEDEPRIDE"
"askreddit"	"What would be the one thing you would say to your younger self?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Is there a difference between cultural appropriation and earnestly participating in something outside your culture? eg: is it always wrong to celebrate Day of the Dead if you're not Mexican if you do it earnestly and not just putting skeletons everywhere?"
"worldnews"	"Liberal Moon Jae-in wins South Korean election: exit polls"
"the_donald"	"Has anyone seen Obama's brother with Michael and their fake kids together since the election?"
"pics"	"Mr. Steal your citizens"
"the_donald"	"MarchAgainstTrump is falling apart! The redpills are flying!"
"pics"	"My father on his CB 350 in 1971"
"askreddit"	"Whats your most awkward \"I should have knocked\" moment ?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious]What advice would you give to someone moving out of state for college?"
"gaming"	"I've never played LoL, but damn, this artwork for some recent skins is awesome"
"worldnews"	"Thousands of UK staff to be axed from classrooms because of cash crisis - with more cuts to come - 'In three years' time, when your child is being taught maths by a PE teacher, it will be too late,' says principal"
"the_donald"	"Study claims married couples splitting due to disagreement over Donald Trump: Liberal comments, \"It totally undid me that he could vote for Trump\""
"askreddit"	"how many US states borders the Gulf of mexico?"
"funny"	"I remember my first time"
"worldnews"	"Italian forces ignored a sinking ship full of Syrian refugees and let more than 250 drown, says leaked audio"
"pics"	"Aerial view of Rotterdam container terminal"
"askreddit"	"What took you too long to realize, but now it's obvious in retrospective?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most awkward/ funniest flirting situation?"
"funny"	"The guy nobody loved"
"funny"	"If there was only some way to keep the sun out of your eyes while driving."
"askreddit"	"How would I go about getting a 3d printed helmet made for my dog?"
"askreddit"	"What are your best tips for saving time when getting ready for work or school?"
"funny"	"Asked the wife to pick up some supplies for the Roomba. I'm a little concerned."
"the_donald"	"Hey crazy thought. We should make our own \"make a millionaire\" and actually successful pull it off."
"askreddit"	"Judging by today's laws, regulations, work benefits, and quality of life, what would be the best country to move to from the United States?"
"worldnews"	"People Lie, But Search Data Tell the Truth"
"askreddit"	"Professionals of reddit. What would you like to tell your clients but you can't?"
"the_donald"	"NEW SPIN: ARE YOU MAN ENOUGH TO BE A CUCK?"
"pics"	"How South Korean media depicted exit poll results of different regions in This year's Election"
"worldnews"	"Sally Yates, Acting Attorney General Fired by Trump, Testifies on Flynn Saga"
"worldnews"	"German prosecutors charged one of Sweden's most notorious criminals on Tuesday with murdering a woman 25 years ago."
"the_donald"	"Milk is racist now? Wait until they find out that I put this in my black coffee to lighten it up a bit!"
"the_donald"	"BIG BROTHER: Top Soros Henchman Calls for Government-Run Social Media in Order to Stop InfoWars &amp; Breitbart"
"pics"	"In with the new (Fidget Spinners) out with the old. (Pogs)"
"askreddit"	"What song makes you want to start a fight?"
"the_donald"	"Just your usual white supremacist passing through. 😄👌🏼🥛"
"askreddit"	"What happened to R/Random?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst experience you've had with a home owners association?"
"the_donald"	"The French just keep trucking on"
"the_donald"	"Florida teen turns himself in after video allegedly shows him tossing woman into pool"
"askreddit"	"What is something you're scared of that you don't want anyone to know?"
"askreddit"	"What was the first music you listened to that wasn't your parents'?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite charity and why?"
"worldnews"	"Homo nadeli, recently discovered in Africa, were walking around with humans"
"pics"	"Mmm, my favorite fragrance"
"the_donald"	"Clapper said Pissgate document is fake, yet FBI used it for FISA warrants. Why isn't this being talked about?"
"askreddit"	"What's the dumbest thing you had to look up on Google?"
"funny"	"He stopped because what came next on the front page."
"askreddit"	"What's your instant turn off? (nsfw)"
"askreddit"	"What's your guilty pleasure?"
"funny"	"Your passwords are WEAK."
"the_donald"	"What if they ARE sending their best?"
"the_donald"	"Krauthammer Slams 'Condescending' Obama: 'Good Riddance, Mr. President'"
"pics"	"what is this ?"
"gaming"	"Can anyone give me suggestions on what gamer gear to buy?"
"askreddit"	"What field interests you, but would never get a career in?"
"askreddit"	"When was the first time you went out of the state?"
"the_donald"	"May God Help Guide Trump Throughout his Presidency. Amen."
"funny"	"Teamwork at it's finest."
"the_donald"	"Where are ze Mooslems and the Pansexuals and the other 75 genders REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEÈEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE CNN SUCKS EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
"worldnews"	"Venezuelan protesters through \"puputov\" cocktails (shit filled bottles) at armed forces. 14 puke themselves."
"funny"	"Always a Little Worrying..."
"the_donald"	"Comey: \"I can't answer. That's classified.\" - Who the hell is in charge of these classifications, and why hasn't this shit been declassified yet? This is a matter of public knowledge now and classification only serves as a easy cop-out."
"the_donald"	"This lovely gem got me banned from March. I think that makes all of them haha"
"pics"	"Instead of sweeping, I decided to do this..unfortunately it delayed me only a few seconds.."
"askreddit"	"How do you use your toilet paper? Facing towards you or away?"
"askreddit"	"How did you meet your best friend?"
"worldnews"	"UK Westmorland Gazette readers demand apology for paper running front-page Tory advert on day of local elections - 'We request that you publish a full front page apology in your next issue. Please note that many of us will be boycotting the paper until this occurs'"
"worldnews"	"Guangzhou China submerged by serious flooding"
"askreddit"	"What are some crazy reasons you have had to dump old Reddit accounts?"
"worldnews"	"Kidnapped Pakistani workers from Polish company plead for help"
"the_donald"	"Donald J. Trump on Note: \"Kareem Abdul-Jabbar - Now I know why the press always treated you so badly - they couldn't stand you. The fact is that you don't have a clue about life and what has to be done to Make America Great Again.\""
"askreddit"	"What's something \"normal\" that you can't do?"
"the_donald"	"Oreo is doing a contest for a new flavor. How about a \"Throwback Oreo\" that's made in the USA."
"the_donald"	"WATCH: Netanyahu Slams ‘Fake News’ CNN, New York Times Over Hamas Charter"
"askreddit"	"[SERIOUS] Reddit, what are simple ways to make day to day life happier?"
"askreddit"	"Which place would you 10/10 not recommend anyone go to?"
"the_donald"	"IngrahamAngle: We still don't know much about unmasking other than Democrats want to put Sally Yates up on Mt. Rushmore"
"the_donald"	"This is how easy it is to cross the border"
"askreddit"	"What would you do for a million dollars?"
"worldnews"	"Danish Leftists Turn on Migrants in Bid to Regain Power"
"the_donald"	"Dear Media"
"askreddit"	"What is your biggest pet peeve?"
"askreddit"	"What are some movie cliches that you hate the most?"
"askreddit"	"I got to thinking today that Tyler Durden was basically The Joker? What other characters are essentially linear?"
"funny"	"Use UPWORK they said..."
"the_donald"	"\"Kellyanne is a rock star!\""
"worldnews"	"Larissa Waters becomes first woman to breastfeed in Australia’s federal parliament"
"the_donald"	"TFW you make a dank post but it gets instantly brigaded by paid shills"
"pics"	"I need this shirt."
"askreddit"	"What three professions are best to have among your close friends when you need a favor?"
"askreddit"	"If you swapped lives with your SO for a day what would be the best/worst part?"
"funny"	"...and now."
"askreddit"	"how does one monitor the status of an air conditioner whether it is on/off through feedback in order to show the status of air conditioner on a mobile app?"
"funny"	"Troll shirt"
"pics"	"Angkor Thom, Siem Reap, Cambodia."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what's the worst rejection you've been dealt with from somebody that you liked?"
"askreddit"	"Bernie supporters, how do you feel now that his wife is under FBI investigation for bank fraud?"
"pics"	"In Iceland, there is a channel that shows a 24 hour live stream of cats in a fancy dollhouse. It's called Kattarshians."
"the_donald"	"LOL"
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been injured while having sex? What exactly happened?"
"askreddit"	"Procrastinators of reddit, what do you do when you actually need to get something done?"
"askreddit"	"At this point, what are you too afraid to ask?"
"gaming"	"Should I start playing pubg or download rust an then play?"
"the_donald"	"Looks like redacted, ShariaBlue, r/esist and every other liberl hate group is up early this morning. This is for them."
"the_donald"	"Where is the outrage ? Where is the media ?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Redditors who were sick for a long time, What was it like when you finally felt better?"
"funny"	"Learning the planets."
"the_donald"	"Oh Well....maybe the French can start up their underground resistance again while they plant trees so their Muslim conquerors can pray in the shade"
"askreddit"	"What would happen if everyone in the US dumped their insurance policies all at the same time? Would it crash the healthcare system?"
"the_donald"	"President Trump is about to score a religious trifecta, visiting Saudi Arabia, Israel and Rome, the \"home\" of three monotheistic religions"
"askreddit"	"If you could get away with any murder without charges, who would it be and why?"
"the_donald"	"NY NBA Star Gives US Soldiers The FINGER, Refuses To Eat With Them While Training At Military Camp"
"pics"	"A Templar's \"Knight\" by Day !"
"askreddit"	"Chronic re-posters of reddit; why do you do it? Are phony internet points that important to you?"
"askreddit"	"What FAD from your childhood/teens had the most significant impact on you growing up?"
"askreddit"	"What is the unspoken rule of your life?"
"askreddit"	"How deep down will quicksand take you?"
"the_donald"	"Member when the left thought Sally Yates was going to blow the lid off the Russian story...I remember...Sally Yates = HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
"the_donald"	"Entitlement Reform At Last"
"askreddit"	"What is the best situation you've bullshitted into?"
"the_donald"	"There's more to the dead Boston Doctors case, time to start digging pedes"
"the_donald"	"Shepard smith uses his cock holster to talk about being gay at Fox News. Am I using this words right fam?"
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time and give your high school self one study tip, why would it be?"
"the_donald"	"We gotem good boys😇😇😅😁😄🤣🤣🤣🤣🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠"
"the_donald"	"“Do you have pee privilege?” If you “never have to think about gender identity, ability, or access when peeing,\" then yes, you have pee privilege."
"askreddit"	"Have you ever been injured while having sex? What happened?"
"the_donald"	"Hillary's Perfectly Crafted Untruths"
"askreddit"	"People of Reddit, what caused you to end a friendship?"
"the_donald"	"I still remember the last time a sitting U.S. president colluded with a Russian leader."
"the_donald"	"100k bot-manipulated post at r/MarchAgainstTrump contains top-rated comments mocking the post"
"askreddit"	"What's green and slimy and smells like bacon?"
"pics"	"The French like voting"
"the_donald"	"SRE (Still Rigging Election) with SDB for fake book signing at Lewinsky Library Museum in Little Johnny Rock, Arkansas."
"askreddit"	"What do you hate most?"
"funny"	"How my dog eats his first piece of food every morning."
"askreddit"	"What are some tips to stop procrastinating?"
"gaming"	"This place I have a temporary job at has a PlayStation VR setup for all the kids. They get used to VR incredibly quick."
"the_donald"	"Philadelphia Keeps Criminals on Its Voting Rolls - Why?"
"pics"	"Seen at the local hospital"
"the_donald"	"A very progressive drawing curtesy of r/marchagainsttrump"
"pics"	"This is a clay bar that I'm using to clean my car. I thought I'd snap a quick picture because it reminded me of Trump"
"askreddit"	"What would be the most hilarious movie-casting choice?"
"askreddit"	"Atheist parents with a religious SO, what do you teach your kids?"
"askreddit"	"How would you destroy the Earth?"
"askreddit"	"Who have you ever caught in the act of having sex? (nsfw)"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite moment you shared with a gay person?"
"the_donald"	"This needs to happen again, people. The Ted Cruz vs Bernie Sanders debate but this time with the new American Health Care vs Obamacare. HOW GREAT WAS THIS DEBATE? Cruz handed Bernie his head back to him."
"the_donald"	"Groups Call Warren's Hearing Aid Bill a 'Big Government Ploy' to Increase Regulation"
"the_donald"	"Macron blames homophobia and misogyny for everyone's obsession over his marriage to his grandma"
"askreddit"	"When do you usually wake up on the weekends?"
"askreddit"	"What was something that a child did / said that scared the shit out of you?"
"funny"	"Jet fuel can't melt steel beams"
"funny"	"And your caption is..."
"programming"	"Intelligent Technology Is Changing Recruiting"
"askreddit"	"Redditors who use Vimeo: why?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite book?"
"askreddit"	"What was the funniest insult you have received that was intended to be offensive?"
"gaming"	"That's one way to convert demo to full version."
"askreddit"	"Reddit, now what are signs that someone is ABOVE average intelligence?"
"the_donald"	"THIS PLACE IS A CULT"
"askreddit"	"What are some common sayings that are funny if a word is changed?"
"askreddit"	"What time do you have supper/dinner?"
"askreddit"	"Which song falls off after the first verse?"
"askreddit"	"If you could have one, and ONLY one, tattoo, what would it be of, and why?"
"askreddit"	"What do you wish more people were into?"
"the_donald"	"Question for redacted, ShariaBlue, and r/esist. Does your mom yelling at you to vacuum the basement ever interfere with your downvoting?"
"the_donald"	"Muh Indonesia is an example of a good Muslim country -- Jakarta governor Ahok found guilty of blasphemy [x-post from /r/worldnews]"
"the_donald"	"There trying to replace pepe with blepe the false prophet"
"the_donald"	"Why do socialists need the evil money?"
"askreddit"	"What's the stupidest quote from a famous person you've heard?"
"funny"	"We keep finding new things to do with the office bowling ball."
"worldnews"	"Up to 245 Missing After 2 Mediterranean Shipwrecks, Says UN"
"pics"	"Messi's doppelganger from Iran. Who's who?"
"the_donald"	"The Real Reason Washington Post Republicans Hate Donald Trump"
"the_donald"	"Blacklisted Pro-Trump Actor Running for Political Office in California"
"pics"	"A perfect spot for a rest in Kew Gardens"
"askreddit"	"What wouldn't you do for a million dollars?"
"the_donald"	"The man had flaws, but he's spot on here."
"askreddit"	"Who actually defeated Nazi Germany, America or the Soviets?"
"askreddit"	"Comedians/ actors of Reddit, who was the worst audience member you encountered?"
"the_donald"	"‘Settled science’ on salt may be completely wrong, says the New York Times"
"the_donald"	"Women's March wants your signature on its Pledge of Liberation - HAHAHAHAHAHA"
"funny"	"[NSFW] This is disgusting. I love it"
"the_donald"	"Looks likes it's that time again..."
"askreddit"	"[Serious]Women,is appropriate to wear heels for funeral? What would you wear?"
"funny"	"This sign at my brother's uni after multiple complaints"
"the_donald"	"Is it too late to make fun of Antifa?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite strategy to keep yourself relaxed?"
"askreddit"	"What was the coolest/scariest/most memorable interaction you've ever had with a wild animal?"
"askreddit"	"There are 30k+ people on this subreddit right now; What are your fetishes?"
"askreddit"	"People who work out 4-5+ times a week, do you consider it an addiction? Could you stop cold turkey?"
"pics"	"Evidently, I work across the street from a Windows desktop background."
"askreddit"	"[Serious]How do you help a child going through child neglect/abuse without bringing in CPS?"
"funny"	"That enigmatic kawaii smile."
"the_donald"	"May's Full Moon on the 10th has many names. The Cree call it the FROG MOON!"
"the_donald"	"I sexually identify as the Eiffel Tower. I am married to a plastic bag and we STAND UP against the outdated gender norms. We are the 99%!"
"askreddit"	"What is your good luck item/totem? And why?"
"askreddit"	"What is the most barbarous porn title you've seen?"
"the_donald"	"ELECTRONICS BAN: White House considering expanding ban to include Europe"
"the_donald"	"Looks like we weren't the only ones who noticed: President Trump is giving his tweet about 'no evidence' of collusion the best, classiest placement"
"the_donald"	"Report : Obama Funded Terror Group Hezbollah to the Tune of $600 Million"
"the_donald"	"Sean Spicier‏ @sean_spicier - Bill Clinton &amp; James Patterson are writing a thriller called \"The President is Missing\". He's later found wallet empty at the Bunny Ranch."
"askreddit"	"Whats the worst attempt of someone old trying to be hip/cool, you have ever noticed ?"
"funny"	"Oh Amazon, I hope you never change!"
"the_donald"	"Wow! Sharia Compliant Shampoo Commercial in Malaysia Shows Woman Scrubbing Her Hijab (VIDEO)"
"the_donald"	"When do the perp walks begin."
"pics"	"A Bird Landed on the port-a-Jon I was using this morning"
"the_donald"	"They can't see the hypocrisy : ACLU lawyer admits Trump travel ban would be constitutional if Hillary issued it"
"askreddit"	"What are your views on mass surveillance, and are you comfortable with your click on this post being tracked by the US Government?"
"funny"	"I'd Watch This Movie Without Hesitation."
"worldnews"	"Pakistan summons Iranian envoy over army chief's threat to strike cross-border terror camps"
"the_donald"	"Yes. Yes he can. And WE shall MAGA."
"pics"	"Secret Illuminati Mountain Headquarters?"
"worldnews"	"Meet the 'Iranian Messi' - BBC News"
"askreddit"	"What was the best, or most entertaining, AMA?"
"gaming"	"I thought JC Denton took out Versalife?"
"the_donald"	"\"When you commit charity fraud there's a stiff price to pay\" - Charles Ortel speaks of the Clinton Foundation."
"askreddit"	"You can go back in time to 1980 and take 1 song with you from the past 5 years. Which song would fit in best?"
"askreddit"	"What things do you like in porn that you won't want to do in real life?"
"funny"	"People on freecycle are ambitious"
"the_donald"	"Sorry for the visual"
"askreddit"	"What are some good things to try to spice up the bedroom play without bringing in another person? NsfWhat are some good things to spice up the bedroom without bringing in another person? Nsfw"
"the_donald"	"Resurrection feels good man."
"askreddit"	"If you could go back in time and give your high school self one study tip, what would it be?"
"funny"	"Big hit...then REALLY big hit (cousins)"
"funny"	"This cat handkerchief I found while helping my parents move house today."
"the_donald"	"\"Nothing Burger\" to be renamed \"The Yates\"."
"askreddit"	"What was the moment you knew you were really in love?"
"funny"	"I think this is rape towards vending machines."
"pics"	"A tiny Painting"
"askreddit"	"What 3 characteristics from any animals would you add on to your own body to make your life easier?"
"funny"	"Some people just want to watch the world burn"
"askreddit"	"What are some good tips to spice things up in the bedroom?nsfw"
"funny"	"selfi ......."
"the_donald"	"New York Magazine, Other Outlets Push False Claim That Rape Is a Pre-Existing Condition in AHCA"
"pics"	"Another day for Indian News channel."
"funny"	"The feeling of waiting"
"funny"	"Master easyLock"
"the_donald"	"I declare the sky to be orange..."
"the_donald"	"GAMES DONALD TRUMP PLAYS vs GAMES CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON PLAYS"
"askreddit"	"What Made You Start Respecting Someone?"
"askreddit"	"What's your favourite Android Game?"
"funny"	"Scanning..."
"pics"	"Water everlasting journey"
"funny"	"🅱️ack in the day"
"gaming"	"Acer Aspire V 15 Nitro Black Edition GTX 106 vs. ASUS FX502VM-AS73"
"the_donald"	"Hollywood Elitist Debra Messing to Ivanka: Stop defending your father"
"askreddit"	"What motivated you to get out of bed today?"
"askreddit"	"What's something you do in public you don't do in private?"
"gaming"	"Overwatch trampoline"
"the_donald"	"Alex Jones on Twitter: Pepe the Frog Creator Stages Funeral in Attempt to Kill Off Meme Icon (Bonus Alex Jones Pepe mocks TYT)"
"pics"	"It's all kicking off on Sky News"
"askreddit"	"What's a \"life hack\" that's actually been useful in your life?"
"pics"	"Inigo Montoya's sword surrounded by Buttercup flowers [Michelle @ White Rabbit Tattoo, NYC]"
"askreddit"	"Why do Modern Cartoons have SJW themes?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most outrageous thing you've spent money one?"
"the_donald"	"California May Allow Communists to Work Openly in State Government"
"the_donald"	"Disgusting Pig Rosie O’Donnell Spreads Fake News About Trump"
"pics"	"Took this pic of a dune four years ago on classtrip"
"the_donald"	"Sorry Hillary, Former President Carter Didn’t Vote For You"
"the_donald"	"Sheriff Clarke - BLM ( Black on Black Crime ) !!"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite song you by a band you don't like?"
"askreddit"	"What's it mean if a guy is always hard around you?"
"funny"	"Free jacket"
"pics"	"Spilled Milk"
"funny"	"'Drop dead gorgeous' teen girl shows up for prom in coffin"
"askreddit"	"What is an interesting piece of folklore you can share about where you live?"
"the_donald"	"I hate these people. Kim, drop the bomb on us. We deserve it. We're mental patients."
"askreddit"	"What are your top 5 subreddits?"
"askreddit"	"Did Allah created non-muslims and other religions? If yes, why the complexity? If not, are there other gods other than Allah creating non-Muslims and other religions?"
"gaming"	"Whatever works, I guess... [Besiege]"
"askreddit"	"You are only allowed to listen to artists whose names starts with a specific letter, for the rest of your life, what letter do you choose and what artists do you get?"
"the_donald"	"‘This is KILLING Peter to pay Paul!!’ – whiny liberal cries about AHCA"
"the_donald"	"CNN investigation proves RUSSIANS responsible for tripping Hillary as she boarded plane..."
"askreddit"	"What's the weirdest thing you've seen on public transportation?"
"the_donald"	"First it was merkel, now it's Macron"
"pics"	"This Iranian man looks exactly like Lionel Messi"
"pics"	"African_lion_pics [4052x2872]"
"askreddit"	"If you could choose how long you live for how long would you?"
"the_donald"	"They'll push pedophilia two ways: age of consent and older women with their male students"
"pics"	"attractive wallpapper"
"pics"	"The Dish from the movie \"The Dish\" (2000)"
"askreddit"	"Question: Who's on first?"
"askreddit"	"When was the last time you were speechless? What happened?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what do you do for a living? Knowing what you know now, would you have picked a different career path?"
"pics"	"Boston from the top of the Bunker Hill Memorial"
"worldnews"	"The future of boat travel?"
"the_donald"	"Non-binary helisexual here, can I get a coat?"
"the_donald"	"UH OH! LIBS ARE CONTRADICTING THEMSELVES AGAIN!!!!"
"the_donald"	"Dammit France"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Recruiters of Reddit, What bullshit interview question do you enjoy asking the most?"
"askreddit"	"Whats something you regret not doing in your youth?"
"pics"	"watermelon suit"
"askreddit"	"What are some gruesome historical facts that are purposefully left out of history class?"
"askreddit"	"How did you get good at something you are good at?"
"the_donald"	"Europe's Childless Leaders Sleepwalking Us to Disaster"
"the_donald"	"My decisions, like gender, are on a spectrum"
"the_donald"	"While walking my dog, Caractacus, last night, I saw new blazing lights in the night sky. Does it mean something????"
"askreddit"	"What's a SFW subreddit that you'd be horrified if someone caught you on it?"
"the_donald"	"Macron described Trump as being \"extremely skeptical about climate change.\""
"the_donald"	"'Conservative Republican' Kasich: AHCA Not Socialist Enough"
"pics"	"Dog loves sushi"
"askreddit"	"Whats the best joke you can come up with on the spot?"
"askreddit"	"What unique or funny names for pets have you heard of?"
"askreddit"	"What are some times in real life where you've rolled either a natural 1 or a natural 20?"
"askreddit"	"Who's the dumbest person you've ever known, and how did you realize they were so dumb?"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Home owners of Reddit, why do you mow your lawn so fucking short?"
"askreddit"	"What coping strategies have you developed to deal with extremely difficult family members?"
"askreddit"	"What TV Show Spinoff sounds great in theory, but would be a disaster if it actually became a show?"
"askreddit"	"Who knows who the artist is of Crywolf's Dysphoria album cover?"
"askreddit"	"What kind of people do you have the easiest time getting along with?"
"worldnews"	"Three people dead after French Alps avalanche"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what still stings?"
"the_donald"	"Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber blames ACA collapse on Trump. ...Yes, really."
"askreddit"	"What belief will you never change, regardless of evidence or counter-arguments?"
"askreddit"	"What's the most superficial reason you broke up with someone?"
"askreddit"	"What skill do you have that isn't really that useful, but you want to show it off anyway?"
"pics"	"Dandelion magnified 40x under a microscope"
"the_donald"	"Every person in r/The_Donald"
"the_donald"	"The nose knows"
"pics"	"Teaching in style: 1969."
"askreddit"	"What is anchor text?"
"the_donald"	"California lawmakers are working to repeal a law from the 1950’s which banned communists from working for the state government and its public agencies. (why am I not shocked, you may ask)"
"the_donald"	"Since milk is racist now.."
"askreddit"	"Reddit users that have been involved in multilevel marketing schemes, what was your experience?"
"askreddit"	"Can you tell when a situation is unhealthy for you?"
"askreddit"	"What turns you OFF but are too scared to tell your SO?"
"the_donald"	"Always knew that DK had it in him!"
"the_donald"	"Illegal immigrant students demand financial aid for college"
"the_donald"	"The real 1 percent: The federal workforce - NetRight Daily"
"askreddit"	"Police Officers of reddit, has police work made you more cynical? Does your line of work make you more distrustful of the average person, or cast doubt about how \"good\" most people are?"
"askreddit"	"How do you eat your Ferrero Rocher?"
"the_donald"	"Trump should keep promise and withdraw from Paris climate accord - NetRight Daily"
"askreddit"	"What's the funniest thing you've seen or heard a stranger getting angry about?"
"askreddit"	"What franchise would you like to see rebooted with the next generation ?"
"askreddit"	"Reddit, what has you on edge right now?"
"askreddit"	"What is your most shady guilty pleasure?"
"funny"	"Bop is better then the playbook"
"funny"	"A screech owl seeing a taller bird"
"the_donald"	"Calling all Bernie Sanders voters"
"pics"	"My bestie"
"askreddit"	"[Serious] Porn actors/actresses of Reddit, what are some misconceptions about your job?"
"askreddit"	"Whats the dumbest thing someone asked you today ?"
"gaming"	"Questions Related to Game Development, Ideas and Such"
"askreddit"	"What's a decision that you've made that has massively backfired?"
"askreddit"	"What's your #1 pet peeve?"
"the_donald"	"Communist is code for the Pandora's Box of Social Distortion"
"the_donald"	"Just a thought. Yates said she was worried Flynn would be blackmailed by Russia. If Russia supposedly hacked Hillarys emails, why aren't they concerned she could be blackmailed as well?"
"askreddit"	"What non-fiction book are you reading?"
"askreddit"	"What is the worst situation you've bullshitted into?"
"askreddit"	"What moment you knew that you fucked up at your job?"
"askreddit"	"New Yorkers who had suffered 9/11 terror, how did you survive?"
"askreddit"	"What is your favorite sport?"
"the_donald"	"Meanwhile, Hillary is in 1st place, 2nd place, and 4th place in a Google Image search for:"
"the_donald"	"Bye bye middle class"
